
We loved this microwave. It had the perfect features, aesthetics and price.Except it quit working. Three (3) separate times. We have had to take off work three (3) times to wait for service technicians only to have the unit fail again.  The issues began within the first five (5) months and have continued.The problem is that the unit will turn on, motor running, turntable turning, light on, but no heat is generated. Food comes out at same temperature it went in. It has been the same issue each time the unit stopped working properly.Most frustratingly, at my last call to Amana, I pointed out that they have spent more in repair costs ($400+) than the original cost of the unit. In the interests of everyone's time, it seemed reasonable to try replacing the unit.  I was told by Jason and Chris (supervisor) that Amana's policy was to repair not replace, so only option was A FOURTH service call to report the problem (per policy). I asked Chris whom I should direct concerns about this policy, and he said Customer Service.Less than helpful. I was fairly certain that I was already speaking with Customer Service. I never was provided with an eMail address, physical address or alternate phone number to express concerns about the policy. Bad business model.We are going to replace this unit with a Samsung, one of Consumer Reports highly rated machines. Yes, it cost a little more, but the Amana has become excessively expensive in time and frustration. Never again.
I ordered this Microwave to replace my 15 year old GE microwavevent hood which had finally given up the ghost (after multiple repairs). I was pleased that I could install it myself using the templates and instructions included. It has fewer features than the expensive model it replaced but it works quite well and includes all the important features including the ability to use the existing vent or to vent into the room.
Everything so far seems to be working great.  We've only owned it for a few weeks but other than it being just a bit noisier than the old one we replaced, we are very happy with it.  Also the power is the same as the one we replaced it for but it seems to take about 15-20% longer cooking time than the old one.  The size of the microwave is larger than the old one, so maybe that is the reason it takes longer to cook.  Other than that I would still buy the same microwave over again if I had to do it all over again.  Great deal for the money.
Perfect replacement for my old one.  It is deeper than my old one but not to an extreme.  I can nuke larger items now.
I did not care for the way the bottom of the microwave was not finished.  I need a better finished bottom.  The filter on the bottom does not fit in tightly enough.
I don't find this microwave any noisier than others I've owned. I also find it very easy to use even without reading the instructions. So far it heats food evenly and is pretty powerful. Great basic, affordable microwave.
There is no brand name of the front of this appliance, which is nice because you can then pair it with your other appliances that may be a different brand. Which in my case was Whirlpool...just a note: Whirpool and Amana are one in the same.I had it installed by a professional. I do not know if it was difficult to install. This is not a direct wire appliance, you will need an outlet in the cupboard above in order to plug it in.So far no complaints. I have not had much time to use it...1 week since installation.
This microwave came with our new home. It can be vented outside or inside- ours is vented inside and there is always grime on cupboards above our range where the outlet is, and we really don't fry that much. So plan to vent this outside or do a lot of scrubbing. The fan is VERY LOUD, so if you like to have a conversation anywhere in the house while cooking, this may not be the product for you. Again, this might be better if vented outside. Microwave itself works good, defrost function is handy.
The price can't be beat, and it has only the features I wanted.  However, it's noisy, and the door is difficult to open.  I practically have to punch the toggle or hold the unit with my left hand, while I push on the switch with my right.  I'm hoping this gets easier over time.
This is a great microwave. It works great and it looks beautiful. I actually purchased mine online from walmart, but I order from amazon alot and wanted to put my review here for all of you. I've had mine almost 2 months now. It has a 3 prong grounding plug. It's 900 watts and heats things up a lot faster than my other microwave, so I'm still getting use to that. I'm going to try and address everything I see people asking questions about. First off, when you hit a number, for example 2, it will automatically start cooking 2 minutes. You can press the start button and add 30 seconds. If you want a specific time, for example 3 minutes and 45 seconds, you can press the power button, then the numbers, 3,4, and 5.  It will start cooking 3 min. 45 secs. It has a lot of buttons for specific items like popcorn, pizza, dinner plate, defrost, etc. It has a normal hum when running. It has a turntable. The clock is displayed in green. It beeps 5 times, not super loud but loud enough, then stops. The light comes on when you open the door and while cooking. It has an easy to use child safety lock to lock the door. I've not had any problems with fingerprints on the exterior.The handle pulls easily. It has a nice weight to it. I have mine on a cabinet with grip bottom shelving paper under it, so I don't know if it would slide on a smooth surface or not, mine doesn't.  The inside dimensions are 12 in. wide, 12 in. deep, and 8 in. high. The turntable plate is 10 12 in.  Plenty of room for most things you microwave. For the outside dimensions, the width (side to side) is 19 in., the height is 11 12 in. The outside dimensions given for depth includes the slight protrusion in back and the handle. The actual microwave is 13 in deep without the handle and protrusion in the back. Here's the best way to let you know the depth to know if it will fit on your shelf or wherever else you put it. I have my microwave sitting on a cabinet which is 1 in. from the wall. I have it sitting 1 12 in. from the back of the cabinet. The actual protrusion is about 1 in from the back of the cabinet. There are vents in the back (and on the side opposite the handle-left side if you're facing the microwave) plus the protrusion, so it needs some space. This means I have it 2 12 in. total from the wall. It comes out 15 in. from the back of my cabinet. The front legs sit back 2 12 in., which means that it is 12 12 in. from the back of my cabinet to the front legs. So, if your shelf is 12 12 in. deep, the legs would all fit on the shelf with the protrusion being 1 in. from the back of your shelf. I have the extra inch from the back of the cabinet to the wall, so if you don't, you might need your shelf to be at least 13 to 13 12 in. deep to give you more vent space. I think this covers everything. I think you'll be satisfied if you purchase this microwave.from the back of the cabinet. The actual protrusion is about 1 in from the back of the cabinet. There are vents in the back (and on the side opposite the handle-left side if you're facing the microwave) plus the protrusion, so it needs some space. This means I have it 2 12 in. total from the wall. It comes out 15 in. from the back of my cabinet. The front legs sit back 2 12 in., which means that it is 12 12 in. from the back of my cabinet to the front legs. So, if your shelf is 12 12 in. deep, the legs would all fit on the shelf with the protrusion being 1 in. from the back of your shelf. I have the extra inch from the back of the cabinet to the wall, so if you don't, you might need your shelf to be at least 13 to 13 12 in. deep to give you more vent space. I think this covers everything. I think you'll be satisfied if you purchase this microwave.
We needed this size and the Danby works.  The controls are a little quirky, you have to put a 34;034; in front of the timer to set minutes but not all the time...  took some getting used to.  The only real design flaw is that, unlike most microwaves where you push a button and the door pops open, you have to pull the handle on this one.  And the machine is so small and light that you need two hand to open the door or the whole thing moves around and doesn't open.  This can be a pain.  But if you need this size, the cooking is fine.
I received this as a housewarming present, it fit perfectly in the space i had in my kitchen.  It worked fine for several months no complaints, however a few times I discovered it would turn on by itself, it freaked me out but I'd unplug it and then plug it back in the next time I needed to use it.  After about a year the microwave started sparking inside the microwave from the side panel.  At first I thought there was some metal in the microwave, but there wasn't and it happened a few times since.  I was scarred to use it so I stopped and forgot to unplug it until it started turning on again by itself.  I thought the thing was haunted, it really creeper me out.  I eventually googled it and I now realize my mistake I should of returned it for repair earlier, this is a serious fire hazard.  I did not purchase this one from amazon but it is the exact same model number and color ( black and stainless steel).  If your microwave turns on by itself unplug and return or replace asap!!
The microwave is really OK as for the price; if you don't need to have a 'fancy', big microwave and you use it basically just to warm up dishes - it's perfect!I tried also to thaw meat there or prepare popcorn - it also works well.CONS: a little bit noisy when it's ending preparation; popcorn button doesn't work well - program need to be chosen repeated to make sure popcorn is poppedPROS: easy to use; small; built-in kitchen timer; cheap
Microwave functions as expexted but the inside smells bad. I think it's because the steam from food gets 'trapped' inside. After some use, I can see that the door has moisture droplets. I think this is what cause the bad smell. My old microwave of ten years never had this problem. With this one, I have to leave the door open after use, and have to clean the inside frequently. I didnt have to do any of these for my old one. Will not recommend this microwave.
I bought this microwave for my college dorm room and their isn't a day that goes by that I regret it!This microwave is relatively quiet and very easy to clean. It is also the perfect amount of watts to keep the university off my back!
It is listed as stainless steel, but a magnet stuck tight to it.  This is not typical of stainless-not this much attraction.  Research through  Google showed some stainless is magnetic.  I knew this, but the attraction seemed too strong.Was this a stainless steel coating over iron-I do not know.The microwave has worked very well for me, I have no complaints.Caution: Some cleaners can pit S.S. Amonia should NEVER be used on stainles!  IF-IF it was a S.S. coating and a PIT GOES to  TO THE IRON!My experience has been with microwaves that have the white enamel coating inside.  The coating starts to seperate  from the metal shell and fall into your food.  You remove it until it is almost all gone, leaving the exposed metal shell to rust.  This has happened to me several times.I am very pleased with the Danby Designer from Amazon.
I bought this microwave to fit into a cabinet. So the measurments were most important to me. Other than that, it has everything I want in a microwave oven. Full size to fit big plates. The carousel works great. Easy controls. Several one push buttons for 1min, 2min, 3min, even a 30 sec button. Readouts  are very bright and easy to see. The only problem is the cabinet. When I got this via UPS, it was packed inside of a plain brown box. Inside that box was the box that the microwave was shipped in. In that box was a full surround of think styrofoam blocks along with some plastic and paperwork. When I took it out of all the wrapping, the cabinet was loaded with dents and one side was slightly collapsed. I don't know how this could have happened unless it was done before shipping. But, why would they ship something they knew was so beat up? The only reason I can think of is......people buy them to put in cabinets like I did. I paid 99.00. Great working microwave. Terrible cabinet.
Was extremely happy with the performance of this oven while it worked, however after only 4 months of moderate usage it stopped working completely: it made a loud droning sound, followed by the smell of electrical burning, and then would no longer would heat up anything. I would also note that the mechanism to open the door is annoying- it is located under the control panel and it would be better to have it on the door handle.
I have a small kitchen and my old microwave was a full sized microwave that took up a large amount of cabinet space and seemed out of place because of its size.  Shopped around and found this smaller sized unit but was hesitant because it is 700 watts while my old unit was 1000 watts.  However, I have found that cooking time in this unit is insignificantly longer than the old microwave.  A few second for most things.  I don't actually cook in it but use it for warming left overs or frozen snacks, etc.  For my use it is perfect and it is an attractive addition to my kitchen rather than a huge distraction.  If you need a smaller sized microwave, I highly recommend this one.
Not many reviews about this Danby unit. I replaced another 900 watt Hamilton Beach unit with this one. The main reason was the H-B unit light was off when the door was opened. Aside from that it was a good unit. I gave it away.This Danby does have the interior light on when you open the door. This makes it easier to remove hot beverages without fumbling and spills. It is somewhat louder than the old one. It makes a humming noise when running. All make some noise, but this is almost annoying.At 900 watts you can expect moderate cook times. The table turns slower than others. The old one made one revolution in 10 seconds. This one takes about 13+ seconds. No big deal, but when heating a cup of coffee, the handle might be in the rear of the oven when finished heating. In other words, it was easier to use multiples of 10 (like 60 seconds) and have the handle of a cup right there in front.Aside from that it runs fine. No comment on quality since it too new to judge. At these lower prices they are pretty much throw-aways when they die. Like the other reviewer this unit was purchased at Walmart. I buy lots from Amazon and have alwaye been highly satisfied with service and products. It was simply cheaper at $73 total price with tax.
We needed a small microwave to fit in our newly refurbished 1995 VW Eurovan camper, and this one is perfect. It fits inside an existing cupboard. I had been researching small microwaves for a couple of months and noticed that most of them only had a light on when the microwave was in use, but not when the door is opened. This one lights when the door is opened which was important to us since it's in a small space rather than a brightly lit kitchen. Some reviewers complained that the glass plate didn't seem to fit or stay on the turntable mechanism. Despite this microwave being a different brand that the two we have at home, the turntable mechanism is the same, and it only fits together in one specific position. When it's properly aligned it pops into place and is very stable.
It fits perfectly under my cabinets - the measurements given by everyone are accurate! I was terrified this would blow the ancient fuses on my already electrically overtaxed retro apartment, but it runs with just a small dimming of lights. WHEW. It heats nicely and is quite spacious. The only annoying thing is that startstop are the same button, but 34;cancel34; is a tiny button near the top of the panel. So often I go to clear the screen from leftover time and end up starting the darn thing again. I am used to cancelstop being the same button! I'll reprogram myself. In the meantime, I love it.Side note: There is a cardboard-y thing stuck to the side of the microwave which is not mentioned in the other reviews or in the manual - LEAVE IT THERE. If you go to the manufacturer's website, you can find out it's a mica panel to protect a vent. It's tempting to toss it because it looks out of place with the rest of the shiny chrome, but just leave it.
I purchased the Danby as a gift for my nephew who has a small apartment. I selected it mainly due to the price (less than 60 bucks at walmart) and the fact that it takes up little counter space. Although I was not expecting much in terms of features, I've been really impressed with this.It offers a wide range of programming features. There are 6 one-touch buttons so you can set 1 to 6 minutes of cooking time with one key press. It also has an add 30 seconds feature that can be used at start-up or while the microwave is already running. There are also a host of timing options for cooking and defrosting.It looks really nice - much better than I was expecting. Pretty decent stainless steel trim on the front and the handle, and a black casing. Looks like it cost a lot more. Easy to clean, and the handle keeps fingerprints away from the front. One difference from the picture -- the key pad is all black, and not white and black as in the photo.The 0.9 capacity is just right. I also have a 0.7 capacity machine, but that has a problem with any dish that's larger than 11 inches. The 0.9 gives you a decent amount of interior space, but doesn't take up much more counter space than the 0.7.It has 900 watts of power, and does a good job of heating foods quickly. The interior light is bright and comes on when the unit is running or the door is open. Reasonably quiet when it is running - typical noise level for a microwave.Can't speak to reliability as of yet, but it comes with a 12 month warranty that is extended to 18 months if you register it online.Great machine if you're looking for something that is small, but still very usable. Highly recommend.
If I had read the reviews before purchasing this unit, I probably would not have ordered  it.  After reading the reviews, I was worried that I had made a mistake.  However, I have had it for several weeks now, and it is working just fine.  I gave it 4 stars rather than 5 because the door is a little hard to open.  But for the money, it works quite well.  I'm pretty satisfied with this microwave.
We use these in our break rooms where they get conciderably more than use than they would in a home enviroment. They are a great product for the price we seem to get on average 3 years use out of them. The more expensive ones we tried lasted about the same amount of time.
So, I needed a basic microwave, nothing fancy. Let's face it, no kitchen can function can live with out one. Don't know how the settlers survived lol. Anyway, it arrived in about a week in perfect condition. And far exceeded my expectations. It looks just like the pic and even displays the time, and has a timer. It cooks very well also. Over all yes, buy it, you won't be disappointed.
The button pad gets very easily torn up. I'm not a heavy handed person.  Owned this a few months and the pad is torn up. Looks like something was chewing on it. Especially the start and clear buttons.  Would have spent a bit more for a sturdier pad. Otherwise it works great and looks good.
its a microwave and it works like a microwave. Nothing fancy has the quick start buttons. Was the cheapest 1000w one I found and I have no complaints.
I wanted a small microwave to heat food more than cook it in the first place. For example, I bake a large casserole in my oven, keep it in the fridge, then later heat meal-sized portions. This Danby model is perfect for that. Occasionally, I'll prepare a frozen dinner or pizza and its good for that too as long as the food container does not exceed the 9 inch (or so) interior rotating cooking surface.One thing to be aware of, and that is this is a 700 watt microwave. Most food packages show microwave times for 1100 watt microwaves. This means you must cook things longer with 700 watts. No problem: Do an internet search for 34;microwave 700 watt conversion chart34; and you'll see plenty of charts you can print. I posted one I printed to the inside of a cupboard door and consult it when I need to convert the 1100 cooking time shown on the food package for my 700 watt Danby. Example: 4 minutes at 1100 watts shown on package = 6 minutes 17 seconds on a 700 watt microwave.This is a small sized unit with 700 watts of power. It may no be for everyone. However, it meets my needs exactly. Also, it looks and performs well. I have had no problems with it. I'm a satisfied customer.
Microwave performs as expected and was a good value. Only complaint is with the alarm that sounds when the timer is complete. 5beeps is a bit much and the alarm does not stop even if you open the door until those 5 beeps are complete. Small issue but annoying all the same.
I received a Danby Microwave for Christmas 2011.  Less than 4 months later it stop working  I called the Danby 800 and was told what to do.  I did this and have not heard anything back.  I have attempted numerous times with no success on getting my refund.  Loss to my family of $85.00I will never buy another Danby product or recommend one.
I received a Danby Microwave for Christmas 2011.  Less than 4 months later it stop working  I called the Danby 800 and was told what to do.  I did this and have not heard anything back.  I have attempted numerous times with no success on getting my refund.  Loss to my family of $85.00I will never buy another Danby product or recommend one.
I received a Danby Microwave for Christmas 2011.  Less than 4 months later it stop working  I called the Danby 800 and was told what to do.  I did this and have not heard anything back.  I have attempted numerous times with no success on getting my refund.  Loss to my family of $85.00I will never buy another Danby product or recommend one.
I *hope* I sent in my warranty card!  I am calling the company today to request a refund.  I have not liked this microwave at all, and now it suddenly died.  I definitely want my money back.Edited:I called the company and they told me to call Amazon.  I called Amazon and they issued a full refund.I do not recommend this microwave.  It is so flimsy that I had to hold it still with one hand in order to push buttons with the other.  Otherwise, it would slide across the counter.
Danby model DMW111KBLDB will heat for less than a minute then shows an error code and stops.  Bottom of right side gets very hot.  Brand new, returning it for sure.  Perhaps another brand will do better.     Danby promotes themselves as one of the largest household appliance marketing companies in North America.  Aren't they the manufacturer of this product?
I purchased this item brand new. I used it only a few times in a period on less than 2 months. It failed in less than 30 minutes of use. Amazon's return policy doesn't cover this item, and nobody keeps the product box so the manufacturer warranty may be worthless (more in shipping than product is worth). Do not buy this item.
Cute little mw. Have been working good so far. No issues. Good enough for a couple to warm upheat things in small quantity. Takes a little more time (quite natural as its just 700 watts) but reasonable enough. Overall, a nice buy.Pros: Easy to operate. Many quick options, Cute little and looks sturdy, a big space saver if you have small kitchen space.Cons: None so far.Overall, a no non-sense simple mw for day to day use. Serves the purpose.....
It's OK but not perfect.  The 'buttons' are hard to see in dim light and offer zero tactile feedback.  It's way to easy to hit the 30 second button more than one time if you're not careful.  I stuck some small felt adhesive pads over the buttons I use frequently. That helped quite a bit. You can find them in low light and when you press it you know it.
After having read reviews for more expensive upmarket brand microwaves like LG and Panasonic, we went to our local (Canadian) Wal Mart to see what they had.The first thing I noticed about this one is that it is completely stainless steel: front AND back; outside and inside; all around. It looks like a professional food service microwave. To me, the stainless steel interior is easier to clean than a white painted one.We have heard that microwave ovens don't last like they used to (we have one low quality unbranded OTR one in a mobile home at the moment which was new in 1995  still working as well as it ever did, and another LG 900 watt in an RV from 2004, also a good runner at this writing, July 2013).We didn't want to spend a lot of money if the microwave was only going to last a couple of years. Well, with this Danby, we have a two year replacement warranty. If it dies before its time, we either get a new one or a refund of the money we spent on this one. Fair enough, I thought.There are not a lot of features here and it isn't super powerful. Certainly adequate but our LG 900 watt heats things up a bit faster and has more useful programs like casserole re-heat with 4 levels and programs for either fresh or frozen vegetables with different quantities.The Danby reheat button has only 3 minutes; no other options. For most cookingreheating you have to punch in the time you guess is about right manually.Considering the price ($100 Canadian plus sales tax) and the two year replacement warranty ($10 from Wal Mart), we are pretty well pleased with this so far. We have never had a countertop microwave as big as this one so we had to get used to all the acreage it takes up. We might have considered an OTR but this condo kitchen has no range hood at the moment.
I just received mine and, when it's running, you can see the interior light shinning through a gap on the top corner. Not sure if this is normal or safe, so I've submitted a question about it. For now, I'll give it a 3 star review for looks and the slightly annoying BANG! the door makes when it closes, pending any heating and an answer to my question. I'll update then. I'm attaching pictures of the gap.UPDATE (9262015): Well, the gap doesn't seem to be a normal feature, but it doesn't seem to affect the operation of the microwave oven in any way. I mostly use it for heating up leftovers and it works great for that purpose, have not tried it for any serious cooking. The loud door is far more tolerable now after a few uses, barely noticeable. Updating my review to 4 stars, won't do five only because of that gap.
Some of the previous reviewersbuyers were somewhat negative about various aspects of this item.  I personally have used it now for several weeks and can only recommend it to an older less complicated user who doesn't need or want all of the bells and whistles that younger folks seem to find lacking in this product.  Not my take on it and it performs well for me and I use it sometimes several times each day for meals, beverages, snacks etc.  Great value for the money!
microwave worked fine when I bought back in March '15; then a few days ago it would not turn on. Will not buy Danby microwaves again.
Door doesn't open when you hit the button, you have to hold the button in with one hand and then pull the door open with a 2nd hand.  Buttons are cheapy, just a cardboard panel (comes with a 2nd cardboard panel in French to swap out).  Seems like it heats OK, but the door is a deal breaker.  I'm returning it (I've never returned anything from Amazon, but I hate it that much).
Amazing that such a reputable company would put out such a poorly thought out product.Everyone should know by now that the most important part of a microwave oven is the user interface.  Afterall, a microwave oven has one power setting that must be somehow regulated by an onoff switch  - so I am amazed that Frigidaire could mess that up so.For instance:  when it is done cooking - the 3 loud beeps go off VERY SLOWLY.  During which time it is impossible to add time, or even to stop the beeping.  You can open the door, but it still beeps;  you can not push the stop button, because until the beep is done - NOTHING ELSE WORKS -  This thing is robbing my time a few seconds at a time.Who is the Frigidaire executive that pushed this forward with out simple end user testing?Skip it... Underpowered for it's size and frustrating to use.
18 month old microwave will not stop running until unplugged, which is a complete fire hazard and deemed unsafe.  I will never purchase a Frigidaire product in my lifetime again, or recommend it to anyone.  This is not the first 18 month old Frigidaire product I will have to replace.  STOP NOW if you are considering this product brand!!!
I have a Frigidaire microwave model CFMV 164LS, a former version of this model installed in my RV.  It quit working after 3 months of use.  After weeks of trying to get it replaced under warranty, Frigidaire has finally found someone to do the replacement with this model but Frigidaire has now refused to pay the service fee for doing the replacement where the unit is located.
The clock runs fast, gaining about 5 minutes ever day. It also heats very unevenly. We've owned it for a month. I'm looking forward to the total breakdown described on the rest of these reviews so that I can get a new one.
Cheaper price is the only thing I really liked about this. We had it installed in our new house and have been using it for about a year now. At first it was fine, but after a few months I kept hearing this 'whizzing' sound. I found out it was the cover for the lightbulb inside the microwave, it got loose! How does that even happen? Can't fix it myself so we have to call their appliance repair which I'm regretting as that's always a hassle.It heats as a microwave should, I'm just disappointed that it's starting to fall apart already after just 1 year of use.The beeping is annoying, I'm sorry it just is. When you have a sleeping baby and this thing goes off and it wont turn off when you open the door, then yes it is annoying!! We did recently figure out that if you press stopcancel while it's beeping, it will stop. But really? Seems like a silly thing to be upset about, but it can get on your nerves over time.Hopefully Frigidaire fixes all the problems with it!
I purchased this microwave to match other Frigidaire appliances I have, with price in mind. I missed that you don't have the ability to turn off the turntable on this model--it seems like that should be standard anymore. If you are cooking in something too large to make the rotation, the turntable function can be damaged. I'm not used to having to push a cook time button before selecting the time. I'll get used to that, though. It gives three long beeps when the time is up, which is kind of annoying to me for some reason. Even when you open the door, the beeps continue. I haven't used it much yet. I tried the popcorn feature, and it needed at least another minute of cooking time beyond what that is preset for. I like that you can add 30 seconds with the touch of a button. But if I'd had more time (home construction--it arrived and was installed right away) and had purchased it locally where it would be easy to return, I would have returned it and opted for a different model. It looks nice, and I'm sure it will be fine.
Looks good, and had all the features we wanted.  Too bad it melted it's wiring last night.  Costs more to repair than to simply replace with newer less expensive model.
fridgidaire over the range (fmv 156 dca) looks nice but nothing but trouble.  First the handle broke. I fixed it. Then the dioderectifire failed--i replaced that and the magnitron, worked for a year than died in the middle of cooking a baked potatoe. Replaced diode--still not working. I am giving up and never buying fridigaire again.  BTW i replaced it with a maytag--what do you know, as soon as i tried to cook some popcorn it shut off. It only will stay on for 10 seconds or so before shutting off. I am taking it back and am wondering how much bad luck can one have--or is this all a conspiracy to keep microwave service people busy.
I've only had this for less than a month and, full disclosure, I didn't purchase it from Amazon but got the exact same model from Best Buy (I should have read the reviews here first before it was installed!).    The good:  It looks nice; the stainless steel finish must have some kind of coating on it because it's much easier to clean than some of my other steel appliances; the overall size is decent on the inside.  When it's cooking, I have to say this is the quietest microwave I've ever owned.    The not-so-good:  I've never had an over-the-range microwave with the handle on the door before and I hadn't really given that feature much thought before making the purchase.  It looks nice and all, but the handle gets untouchably hot if you're cooking on the stove;  I don't think I'd ever buy another with a handle again because it's kind of a nuisance to have to use an oven mitt to open the microwave (even more of a nuisance if I forget to use a mitt and put my hand on hot stainless steel).  It's very hard to see inside of when food is cooking.  There's one bulb and it's quite dim, plus the door has a screen-printed pattern on it that makes it even harder to see into.  The exhaust fan for the range technically has two settings, but they sound almost identical... and it's VERY loud. If the microwave is running for a long period of time or if it starts getting overheated from the stove below, the fan automatically turns on.  It's a smart feature to prevent it from overheating, but again the fan is super loud, and you can't manually turn it off once it kicks on.    The bad:  Oh. My. God.  The freakin' beeps when it's done cooking are INSANE!  I've never, ever had a microwave that didn't stop beeping upon the door being opened.  Not only does this continue, but the 3 beeps are extremely loud and at least 5-6 seconds long each!  And if you don't open the door in a timely fashion, it doesn't remind you with a gentle, short beep;  instead you get the same 3 ear-shattering YokoOno-screeching beeps every 2 minutes.  I've found that if you hit the stopcancel button before opening the door, it'll stop the beeping... but again, it's another nuisance that I've never had to deal with in any previous microwaves.    The other bad thing I've found is that the touch pad scratches EXTREMELY easily.  I only use a microfiber cloth on it and it still looks like I went at it with steel wool covered in broken glass.  I tried using a plasticfiberglass polish and it didn't do a thing.  However, I've found that using granite countertop cleanerpolish at least minimizes the look of the scratches a bit.    Overall, I'd advise people against purchasing this model.  Its negatives outweigh the positives... especially when there are so many other, better choices out there.
I went to open my microwave and the handle snapped ...yup snapped off into pieces!  Frigidaire will so graciously allow me to buy a new one as their way of standing behind their product....yes so we purchase an expensive microwave that is made so cheaply that you have to replace the handle that breaks apart and they get more money-yes that does sound right doesn't it?  But they stand behind their products....So frustrating!  Unless you have money to burn on replacing parts-DON'T BUY THIS PRODUCT!!!!!!!!!!!!!
I have been using this microwave for about a year. I will say the microwave works well as far as successfully heating items as a microwave should. Other than that, I find it to be an awkward design in the following ways:- The button for the light is directly under the 34;Start34; button. If you hit the 34;Start34; button, it automatically starts microwaving for 30 seconds. However, in a dimly-lit room, I often accidentally hit the 34;Start34; button when I'm just trying to turn the light on. I can' tell you how many times I have started a 30-second microwave cycle on an empty microwave.- Speaking of the lights there are two light bulbs underneath, which is fine. However, in the one year we've been using this microwave, the same bulb has burned out twice, while the other has yet to burn out at all. The first time, we had to scour the internet for a replacement bulb only to find that the specific wattage of the bulb that came in the microwave is pretty much unavailable. Anywhere. So we did some reading and learned to use a slightly lower wattage bulb. This took entirely too much research and hunting for what should have been a simple light bulb.- The beeping at the end of the cooking (or timer) is quite obnoxious. It's 3 long, loud beeps, and, unlike every other microwave I've ever used, it does NOT stop when you open the microwave door! I have young children and often stand directly in front of the microwave, waiting for the timer to hit 1 second so I can stop it before it beeps so it doesn't wake up anyone sleepingnapping.- There are lots of 34;convenience34; setting (quick buttons), but I have never used a single one of them. Seems like a bit of a waste of space and features. It has a 34;reheat34; button, but, unlike some other microwaves on the market, it is NOT a 34;sensor34;automatic reheat, so I'm not sure what the purpose of it is when you could just as easily enter the amount of time and hit start like normal.Overall, it looks nice enough and works as far as microwaving is concerned, but I personally think it comes with many flaws.
I don't really use lots of fancy microwave features... we just set the power and the time and call it good.  This microwave works just great for that (it might also have great features... I just don't know them).Pros: Good price, easy to install, nice lights for stovetop, can be configured to vent or recirculate, looks good.Cons: The fan is less effective than a range hood (which is a given for any over-the-range microwave) and not as quiet as I would hope.Other thoughts: the beep is long, but not much louder than any other microwave... I see a lot of comments about it, but it hasn't bothered us.  Overall, we like this microwave and are happy with the purchase.
This is by far the MOST stupid appliance I have ever come across in all my years.  As you will read in other reviews, the absurdity of its functions has yet to cease angering me on a daily basis.The 3 beeps when things are done cooking - You can not do ANYTHING until it slowly finishes its 3 beeps.  No stop, no cancel, no starting the microwave again or adding time.  You must stand there and listen to its siren song of idiocy.Also, you can't use the timer and use the microwave at the same time. I mean, why?! WTF!Daily I want to rip this thing off the wall and take it into a field Office Space style and beat it with a baseball bat.Anyone want to buy a microwave from me? Cheap!
How did our landlord get all new appliances and choose this awful contraption?!? The incessant beeping is driving me a little mad and, of course, there's no way to change that. Reviews for this thing being awful go back to 2-4 years ago. Just a little internet search could have saved me from this fate. I hope it dies soon.
Not built to last more than the length of the warranty.  Do not buy.  Anyone giving it high marks has not had it for two years.
Dont buy frigidaire. I bought a set of appliances (this being one of them) and the only one I havent had issues with is the stove so far. Haven't even had the stuff a full year.
I understand there are instructions you can enter to turn the beep off, but then I'd probably forget food is in there.  When the food is done it IMMEDIATELY starts an obnoxious beep and continues to do so with 20 second breaks.  If the beeping started TWO MINUTES after something was cooked I'd be okay with it since most instructions say to let food sit for two minutes after cooking.  We have to take food out right away to stop the beeping, or open the door and let it sit with the light on.  Just a poor design in that way.  Seems to cook normally and looks good.  Still running okay after about 18 months.  I came on here thinking if prices had dropped I'd buy a spare (I figure they all die after 5-10 years and they are a pain to match in looks) but after reading the reviews will save my money til I really need one and buy something else.
Wish I had checked Amazon before buying. As of today, not one review higher than 2 stars. I have to agree. Ours just crapped out shortly after the one-year warranty. Anyway,with most warranties, it's simpler to just buy a replacement rather than go through the hassle and expense of repair. It wouldn't be so bad if this was a countertop model, but when you have to install something, you don't want to drag it out and leave a gaping hole in your kitchen. I will avoid ANY Frigidaire appliance from now on.
Update: Jan 21, 2012  Just when I thought my experience with Frigidaire could not get any worse, it in fact did.  Having the WARRANTY is worse than not having one.  The Microwave is not working from just around Christmas.  Early January, it should have been fixed.  The Service company called and told me that the parts are not available, so the next possible touch point is Feb 18th.  So, looking at guaranteed no microwave for about 2 months, and even after that there is uncertainty when it would be fixed.  Had I NOT had the Warranty, I would have just taken a loss and gone ahead an purchased another Microwave of a brand called NOT FRIGIDAIRE.  ===========  - This Microwave lasted less than 6 months  - Of course you think all should be fine because it is under warranty.  - Yes, it is under warranty, BUT:    a) you are given the direct contact of a Service Provider, and you are no longer working with Frigidaire directly.    b) So, the buck is passed from Frigidaire over to a third party Appliance Service company    c) The appliance service company guy came, took a look at the Microwave and said they will need to order parts either from their local supplier, or directly from distributor. This could take up to 10 days  So, now you are left hanging without a  Microwave for 10 days or more. With the time off needed to be away from Office to handle the multiple appliance service company appointments, the Warranty is just not worth it.  Also, called Frigidaire customer service.  The Customer Service person was TERRIBLE, and basically told me to deal with it and stop complaining.  NEVER AGAIN WILL I BUY A FRIGIDAIRE PRODUCT.
Although they look pretty, we will also never buy another Frigidaire product. Bought a package from another retailer at a reasonable price for what we thought were top-of-the-line Frigidaire products. In less than two years both the microwave and dishwasher needed major repair within a week of one another.....the micro for $240 and the dishwasher for $350.  Repairman recommended we chalk both up as a loss and replace with a different brand as he has seen lots of problems with the Frigidaire product.  Recommend to buyers that you spend a little more upfront because you will save in the end.
The incessant beeping is enough to make you want to put your own head inside the microwave. Next to that, when you select a defrost time, it literally stops every 30 seconds to tell you to turn it over. and wont start ubnless you open and close the door then push start again I HATE THIS THING. Good thing it LOOKS NICE because the features, the beeping, and the UI is absolutely UNNERVING. I am writing this as some steaks are defrosting in it and the constant stops and beeping has just finally gotten me to the point where I had to come here and whine about it.
My wife called them and asked if they had a little time bomb inside.  How else could the thing die right on time.  The oven made the sound of shorting electricity, gave off a few whiffs of ozone, and that was it.  The young girl at the other end of the call said that they may be able to look into getting us a new part, but we would have to pay for labor.  I'm not going to throw good money after bad.  I'm just not going to buy Frigidaire items anymore.We have purchased the Gallery Stove and Oven (which we absolutely love) and then we purchased the Gallery Microwave (which died), and we purchased the Gallery Dishwasher (which doesn't wash dishes).  We also have a Frigidaire Furnace (that cracks me up every time), which works great.
We bought this Frigidiare microwave in the hopes of getting a solid over the range microwave to use.  Before it was two years old it began to smoke and sputter as it began to burn up.  We killed the power and shut it down.  We contacted Frigidaire and were told it was out of warranty.  We told them we were reporting a safety hazard that they should be aware of.  We were told that it was impossible for the microwave to do what ours had done.  No support, rejection of safety hazard report, no offer of repair or replacement.We think you will regret buying this product.  We do.  Complete waste of money.
purchased 411 and have not had any issues. Love the turn off beep function. Filters are not at local home depot.
This microwave was new to my home when I moved in. After 18 months, the door switch broke: Which meant that any time the door was shut, the microwave spontaneously turned itself on (and didn't turn off until the door was opened). Fortunately, this occurred while we were home -- otherwise the microwave might have started a huge fire from continuously running empty! Because  it was out of warranty, Frigidaire customer service was ridiculously unhelpful; the representative told me that I would have to pay $150.00 just to send someone out to confirm what the problem was, and then pay for additional parts and labor to fix it! Instead I ditched the piece of garbage and bought a Samsung. I would NEVER buy a Frigidaire product again. P.S. I also had a similar experience with my two year-old Frigidaire gas range, where the glass oven door spontaneously shattered while sitting idle. Run fast and far from Frigidaire.
While searching for others with the same problem we're having I found these reviews: our Advantium died in about 2 12 years. We work from home and, one day, smelled smoke that we traced to our Advantium which was turned off and that had been turned off for some time. It was hot to the touch. We unplugged the Advantium and the the smoke smell went away: it had spontaneously turned on and was melting itself down. Plugging it back in turns it on without pressing any buttons. GE says this is not a fire hazard because there are supposed to be safety's to prevent it from burning down the house. I'm not so sure -- their credibility is shot -- but even if there are those safety's are built with the same low quality as the Advantium so cannot be reasonably relied upon. GE says the problem is with the keypad but that there aren't any more keypads to buy, probably because they all fail. The Advantium is a piece of junk. Save yourself money and protect your family from this potential fire hazard: avoid GE appliances.    [Update: after several calls and an eternity on hold GE acknowledged the problem and send a tech with a new Advantium that seems to be working well. I wouldn't buy another -- there are clearly QA issues with the Advantium -- but after lots of time on the phone GE did make this right. I'd still prefer a different manufacturer though and wish I'd bought a different cooker. If you're in the market for a microwavecooker buy a different one.]
Steel case was damaged on back side.  Was able to us because it was hidden when installed under cabinet.  The only complaint about the unit itself is the stainless steel interior gets scotched from the glass turntable plate unless you rare VERY careful.  The microwaveoven features are great.  Very easy to use and looks great!
My wife does 90% of the cooking in our home and I asked her what she thought of our new GE Cafe Series CSA1201RSS 1.7 cu. ft. Over-the-Range Advantium Speed Oven  Microwave and she said, 34;I love it. I may never use our regular (range) oven again34;. I use it for the usual things that most men use it for. Popcorn, heating coffee, warming left overs and the like and for me, I think it is also great. It reheats just about anything I have tried to just the right temperature. If there are any cons with this appliance, I haven't run across them yet.
After our GE Caf茅 microwave touchpad went out after only 3 years GE said it would cost $800 to fix.  So we purchased this advantium oven.  It shipped and would not heat up.  We returned it but ended up getting a Breville countertop for $299 that we like much better.
Just installed the microwave and it has a lot of options. Just getting used to it. Unit did arrive with 2 minor dents to the exterior cabinet. Didn't return item because damage was hidden by install and didn't effect the operation of the unit. I was kind of wary that it would arrive damaged due to the weight of the item.I would recommend this item.
I have owned a suite of Ge Cafe products  ( i.e. refrigerator, stove, microwave and dishwasher ) for approximately 6 years now. My recommendation is stay away. My refrigerator has seen a visit from the repairman four times. My stoves plastic knobs melted off and I was kindly advised by GE that I could now buy new metal ones for $300. My dishwashers dispenser in not dispensing. And now to round things off my microwave's touchpad is not functioning as it should. GE is comping me the parts which the repairman quoted me $1,225.00 and labor at $100.00(my responsibility). I read from other poster's comments that this issue will happen again. I contacted GE, advised them of the cost ,and suggested that I apply my labor cost towards the purchase of a new microwave. I was shot down. New microwave  $750.00 vs paying $1225 for parts??? If I were a  GE shareholder I would be outraged at this type of irresponsible spending. Multiply this type of activity several thousand times over and you're talking serious money. Quality has seriously gone down since the days my parents bought GE products. They have lost a future customer in me and my family. If you're considering this line of products buyers beware.
Many more features than advertised. Reading the manual is highly advised to get the most out of this product. It even has an automatic fan function for over a range use if there's too much heat buid up.
You'd expect more than five years out of a product in this price range. However, the control panel died after five years.  Well not quite died.  You can still make things happen, it's just not always what you expect.  You hit the 3 and you get 4.  You hit the Start button and it goes to Help.  On top of that, the fan filters are really flimsy, the tab you use to take them out to clean broke after the fifth time out.  We are going to buy a counter microwave (definitely NOT GE) and a real vent hood.
Full disclosure, owned the previous model PSA1201RSS for two years. This model has a TSB out for peeling door handles (as one other reviewer wrote). However, their review is not for this improved model. If you have an Advantium oven with the peeling door handle don't just order the handle - replace the whole door. It is a new handle design that addresses the problem. My door was replaced under warranty.Bought a new house, miss our oven so much we're having one installed here. If you're considering one remember this:1) You cannot run it as a microwave with the metal tray andor racks in - it will dramatically shorten its life2) You cannot run it as an oven without the metal tray at least in - it will dramatically shorten its life.3) You cannot soak the control panel down with soapy water to clean it - you can short it out. You clean it simply by wiping with a microfiber cloth. Done.All three of these points are in the owner's manual - which I'm going to speculate a lot of people don't read. When I sold my last house I purposely put the owner's manual around all the racks outside of the oven and wrote a note to the new owner, 34;do not use until you read.34;OK - rant over - here is the goods.This does almost everything. My fiance and I have used ours for:We have used it for proofing dough, as a warming oven, and we have used it for baking and cooking as a convection oven. It isn't quite a true second oven replacement (read on) but it provides completely even temperatures for baking so things like cookies, cakes, pies, etc. come out perfect every single time.You can program it to come on at a set time, cook for a set period, at a set temperature and then stop.The speed cook function is tremendous. It combines the microwave and halogen oven at the same time. Because the microwave is used at reduced power, you can use the metal tray (not the racks) for speed cook mode.You can bake two large potatoes, crispy skin on the outside (cooking trick, brush with olive oil for crispy skin and sprinkle with Kosher salt on the outside) in 13 minutes. They are fluffy inside, not microwaved 34;streamed34; tasting.You can cook (reheat) frozen foods in 13 to 12 the time on the package. So frozen taquitos can be booked in 9 minutes instead of 27. You can bake crescent rolls in the can in about 12 the time you would in a conventional oven, crispy outside, flaky inside.There are hundreds of pre-programmed cook settings for a wide range of food items and dishes. Whether you're using it as a simple microwave to cook bacon, or you're using the speed cook function to roast meat. Yes, you can even roast in it.The capacity for a microwave is huge, at 1.7 cubic feet, and if you're a family of 2 or 3, you'll probably find yourself using this for most of your baking needs. I rarely used our oven.So what can't it do?Certain food types won't bake well using speed cook or the convection halogen cooking - that is why I say it isn't a perfect stand in for a second oven if you want 100% versatility. It can't broil (the 240 Volt version apparently can). In addition we have found certain vegetables, like whole spaghetti squash, or a whole roasted cauliflower, won't cook properly in the oven. The insides never seem to heat up when used strictly as a conventional convection oven. As a microwave or speed cook no problem.We found this to be a huge time saver - and we just bought this unit for installation in our home.Oh, and on the peeling handles - again that was the previous model. This model has the redesign and does not have that issue.ok mode.You can bake two large potatoes, crispy skin on the outside (cooking trick, brush with olive oil for crispy skin and sprinkle with Kosher salt on the outside) in 13 minutes. They are fluffy inside, not microwaved 34;streamed34; tasting.You can cook (reheat) frozen foods in 13 to 12 the time on the package. So frozen taquitos can be booked in 9 minutes instead of 27. You can bake crescent rolls in the can in about 12 the time you would in a conventional oven, crispy outside, flaky inside.There are hundreds of pre-programmed cook settings for a wide range of food items and dishes. Whether you're using it as a simple microwave to cook bacon, or you're using the speed cook function to roast meat. Yes, you can even roast in it.The capacity for a microwave is huge, at 1.7 cubic feet, and if you're a family of 2 or 3, you'll probably find yourself using this for most of your baking needs. I rarely used our oven.So what can't it do?Certain food types won't bake well using speed cook or the convection halogen cooking - that is why I say it isn't a perfect stand in for a second oven if you want 100% versatility. It can't broil (the 240 Volt version apparently can). In addition we have found certain vegetables, like whole spaghetti squash, or a whole roasted cauliflower, won't cook properly in the oven. The insides never seem to heat up when used strictly as a conventional convection oven. As a microwave or speed cook no problem.We found this to be a huge time saver - and we just bought this unit for installation in our home.Oh, and on the peeling handles - again that was the previous model. This model has the redesign and does not have that issue.
This microwave fits perfectly with our GE Cafe gas range, which is why we bought it. It's quite heavy - apparently due to the built-in convection oven. Disappointing is the plastic handle, which look like stainless steel, but isn't.  I expect more from an $800 appliance.  Also, if you plan to vent this into the kitchen, make sure you have a cabinet over the microwave that is not more than 13 inches deep.  The microwave vents are on top of the front of the microwave and blow straight up.  Other microwaves have vents that fold open, which is a really cool idea. Again, the GE Cafe falls short here.  Hence, only three stars for now.  I will update this as we use it more.
CVM1790SSSS replaced our old Caf茅 series microwave AT NO COST (within 5 years of purchase) as part of GE's 34;Touchpad Replacement Program34;...(Kudos to GE for doing the right thing for that):Pro's:-Touchpad completely redesigned (obviously less heat sensitive).-Inside is stainless vs. enamel like the old one.  That is an obvious upgrade - for sure.-The goofy tilt open top bar of the old unit is replaced with a fixed plate and top vents.-Shortcut buttons are more useful for us vs. the old set-up.Con's (would have given a 5 Star except for):-Control panel redesign includes a dial.  It is very easy to use, so only a con for being less attractive.-Handle is plastic covered with metal looking coating vs. real metal like the old unit.  It seems very stout and the GE rep said the peeling was addressed this year, so we are hoping for the best.-Emblem is now black vs. the original red like all the other pieces in the Caf茅 set (easy fix - below).*We talked the installers into letting us keep the old emblem - The red emblem is held on by just 1 screw (easily removed).  The red emblem cap (metal) was easily separated from the mount plug with a knife and affixed on-top of the newblack emblem with some gentle adhesive...an easy fix and no damage to the black emblem or stainless fascia.
Display didn't light up so unit wasn't usable when it first arrived. GE service was pleasant and resolved after 2nd visit.  A few days later, the light under the microwave stopped working.  2 issues in less than a month doesn't bode well..  Also you can only heat in 15 sec increments when using the time dial.  But the good news...options for preconfigured settings for various items and their cooking times (potato, veg, etc...)  are fairly substantial and works efficiently.  HOWEVER.... I wouldn't recommend installing the microwave above your stove. Since the microwave is faced in stainless steel, the door handle and face of microwave gets extremely hot to the touch while cooking on the stovetop.  Speaking of the stove, I had much better luck with GEs Caf茅 Dual Range Gas stove.  Bought at the same time. No issues. Works great. Highly recommend stove without any hesitation. Absolutely love it!!!!! Wish I felt the same about the microwave.
I recently had a house built and the builder only uses GE appliances so I upgraded to the Cafe line.  I have no complaints with the function of the microwave but the cheap plastic handle bothers me. Mine is now bubbling and peeling. I have a work order in with GE to have this replaced.  I saw the earlier model, which this microwave replaced had complaints of the handle getting too hot.  I guess this is why they went to plastic.  I would rather use a towel,to open my microwave than have stainless paint flaking into my pots below.
I chose this microwave to go along with the GE Cafe range I purchased at the same time. I read multiple poor reviews of this microwave online, but decided to risk it because I wanted the microwave to match the range. Bad choice! After owning the microwave just over a year, the magnetron konked out. Luckily, that particular part was covered under a 5-year warranty, but I still paid nearly $200 for labor. Now, just a couple of years later, the touchpad has expired and will need to be replaced. The service department tells me this repair will be a minimum of $250. (Touchpads start at $150.)I have never had so many problems with an appliance. The refrigerator I bought at the same time has never required service. The washer and dryer I bought nearly ten years earlier have only once required service. Yet this microwave has required two expensive repairs within just a few years of purchase. Before I bought this GE Cafe microwave, I had a cheap, unremarkable countertop model. I don't even remember the brand. But it was still working when I upgraded to the GE Cafe, so even though it was nearly 20 years old I was able to pass it on it to a neighbor whose child was starting college. At this point, I wish I'd kept the old one! I will never buy GE Cafe again.
We bought GE Cafe appliances for our remodel and have had nothing but problems.  Out of 4 separate kitchen appliances, 3 have had problems within 2 to 3 years of ownership.  The GE Cafe microwave suddenly stopped heating and we had to have a repairman come replace the magnetron and diode.  It worked a few weeks but stopped working again.  Then we found out it costs more to repair than to buy a new one.  We traced a workaround to the problem ourselves and found that the microwave works as long as we turn on the stove exhaust fan.  So now, every time we use our microwave, you need to turn on the exhaust fan.  Nice!  Numerous other reviews have complained about the keypad burning out as well, so if you buy, make sure to buy a long term multi-year warranty.  Our GE failures happened shortly after the 1 year warranty expired, and partslabor for most repairs adds up to the purchase of a new appliance.
In all seriousness... shame on you GE.I purchased this microwave a little more than a year ago. And of course it is now out of warrantee. And thus falling apart... LITERALLY!The 34;metal34; handle is not actually metal, it is cheap plastic with metallic-looking tape on it. And the tape is peeling off. When i called GE they said 34;it's probably due to the heat from the stove below.34; I told them, 34;It's an over-the-range microwave!!! It should not fall apart because of heat.34; To which they replied, 34;Sorry. New handle is $100 bucks plus another $100 for someone to come out and install it.34;I wish I could post a picture of the defective part here but the site doesn't allow me.After a lifetime of thinking GE was the go-to brand for good quality products... this microwave will be the last GE appliance i ever buy.
walmart has same model for $63 + $9.97 shipping, i'm a loyal amazon.com shopper, but can't pass that up!!
I bought this microwave August 2012. It died November. The operator's manual stated that, to avoid trip charges, I should take it GE Customer Care services and pick it up following service. Called up 1-800-GECARES, as given in the manual, to inquire on where to take it for service. There was no option to do that. They want to make a service call and charge $80 trip fee.Stay away from GE Products. They're defective and service is poor.
[[ASIN:B002X7669C GE JES0736SPSS Stainless Steel Countertop Microwave Oven]  Quick review: Totally satisfied after 8 months of moderate use. Excellent value.    My wife and I looked at every small (-1 cubic ft) microwave at all prices before choosing this one. We have a very small kitchen in our condo and counter space is at a premium. We've had this unit for 8 months and it has performed flawlessly with daily moderate use. We use it mostly for baked potatoes, leftovers, popcorn, defrosting, etc, so we haven't subjected it to heavy use. Although it's only 700 watts, it gets the job done in a reasonable amount of time (2 medium potatoes in 9 minutes). The blackstainless steel casing and classic styling appealled to us also. Our dinner plates fit on the turntable with just a little room to spare.    At this point, I don't think we could be more satisfied with our purchase ($69.95 at Lowes), especially since we considered models 3X the price. Our previous microwave was a space-hogging Montgomery Ward monster we got as a wedding present 25 years ago (thank Gods it finally died) We'll see how this diminutive new GE holds up. I will update this review if we have any issues with it as time goes by.
The box was somehow very light, and right then, I knew we had made a mistake.      This microwave is almost like a toy.  It is very tiny and underpowered.  We unpacked it and put in a pack of popcorn. Well, it spun around on top strength for over two minutes without a single pop.  After 3-4 minutes about half of the popcorn was popped.  Forget it. It must have been broken, or maybe just for making things warm, not hot.    We returned it right away. Speedy return system!
I bought this GE microwave yesterday -- but not from Amazon, from Best Buy (only because I needed it right away). I unpacked the box and set it up. It would not work at all -- the display continually says Door (despite multiple clearing steps, resets, unplugplug in, etc.). This display error message is not even addressed in the manual. I spent 30 minutes of my first day of ownership on the phone with GE support. The answer from them was obvious -- sorry, the door safety switch must not work properly. They gave all the usual excuses, sorry-sorry-sorry, please arrange for us to service it or repack it and drive it back to the store. Nice job GE -- an American name product and customer service at its finest, and you wonder why people buy alternative Asian name products. Best Buy should stop stocking GE products if this is GE's idea of quality control. Don't they check that products work when switched on before final packaging? I should not have to drive all the way back to the store. GE is wasting my time.Even more interesting -- I gave a negative one-star review of the microwave on the GE customer review section -- and their verification department that controls what is said on their website about their products, rejected my commentary. They have, however, allowed 14 reviews ranging from 3 to 5 stars. Here is the text of their rejection email to me:We appreciate you taking the time to write a review on JES0736SPSS; however, your review did not meet the guidelines for posting on our site.We encourage you to revisit our guidelines and resubmit your review on JES0736SPSSI then read the GE guidelines, and NOTHING in my submission contravened the commentary guidelines -- it just happens to be a one star review from a very unhappy customer. GE does not like criticism. This experience has further reaching effects -- I am also looking at buying a new high end kitchen refrigerator -- GE was on my list, but no longer.
We purchased ours about 6 months ago and we find it to work as about as well as we assumed it would given it's low power and lower price. Expect longer heating times than a larger microwave oven. If you are an impatient person you may want to pass on this model.    The Hot Water presets work fine for reheating coffee.    Our one real complaint is that the turntable is all too easily dislodged from the spindle if a heavy item is not carefully placed near the center of the surface. We find this design defect really annoying and would not choose this model again for this reason alone.
This General Electric microwave works fine as far as cooking things or heating up water; but my menu display has never worked. I can see the menu on the machine; but what the microwave is actually doing does not show up. It is a low powered microwave; so it takes a while to cook with it. I use it daily for cooking food and heating up water for tea or soup.     Underneath the rotating plate rusted as water from boiling water dripped down onto the inside of the microwave. So the plastic or polymer covering came off the bottom; but it works fine still spins around as it works. The light comes on when I open the door more than a year and a half later since I got it. It does not take up much space.
Very much enjoying this range! I used to have double wall ovens and a Jenn Air cooktop with grillgriddle. We've downsized but this oven gives me most of the benefits that I had with that setup.The small oven is perfect for 95% of the needs for my wife and I, but I do expect the large oven will get a work-out at Thanksgiving when we have at least 7 for dinner. The Power Boil is terrific, and the grillgriddle is very handy and easy to clean.I debated quite a bit between this and the PGB950SEFSS. The main differences:* This model has a porcelain top surface, the 950 is stainless* The 950 has a double-ring, 19,000 BTU boil burner - this has a single-ring 17,000 BTU* The 950 has dual broiler burners, this has one broiler* The 950 has a ball-bearing roller rack (I believe just one of the three) where this has all standard slide racks* $700 MSRP price differenceTo be honest I prefer the porcelain top surface of this oven aesthetically, but that's definitely a matter of opinion. The other features just didn't add up to $700 for me. I did use the broiler for a small frittata and that worked fine, but I can see how the double broiler could provide more even heat on a larger dish. The Power Boil is excellent on this, I don't see 10% higher BTU making a tremendous difference.I also considered these other five-burner double-oven ranges: Frigidaire FGGF304DLF, KitchenAid HGRS505XSS, LG LDG3036ST, and Whirlpool WGG7550BS.  All have their benefits and drawbacks but the GE has the largest ovens and I got a good price through Amazon.
Received it and installed it. The fan went on and the fan blew but it did not heat.  It took me two months to finally get a repair person to come out but he guessed and ordered the wrong part (magnitron). It turned out to be something else, I can't remember what, so they have to order that. I am still waiting.  Fortunately my old microwave (Amana) still works out in the garage or I would be really frustrated. The repair person told me that GE has the most problems even though all the brands use the same components, from Korea.  Must be something about the GE specs together that blows things up.  I'll be staying clear of GE products from now on.
I have to agree with the other 1 star review. I would also give it zero stars if possible. This is my second GE Microwave that has died after one year. Last time it was the turntable motor, this time it was the control panel.  Of course the replacement is over $125. They produce garbage. No more GE for me.
I have had the same problems as the others who wrote on here. I had a white over the range GE microwave that started having keypad problems. Since I was upgrading to stainless appliances, I bought this one and after 3 yrs. started having problems with the keypad again. Some of the buttons stopped working, then one night I woke up to a beeping sound and on the microwave display it said service immediately. I will not buy another GE appliance again, I would like to know what brand is a good one to go with.
Mine caught on fire.  The inner top service cover that is made out of plastic caught on fire.
I wasn't sure what component broke in my microwave - a GE Spacesaver XL1800.  It would actually run, just would not heat the food.From extensive research, I figured out which components, when broken, would allow my microwave to run but just not heat.  The list below is from the most likely to least likely cause of the problem.1. Diode2. Magnetron  [many times 1  2 happen together]3. Capacitor4. High Voltage Regulator5. Control circuit board90%+ of the time it is 1 or 2 and most likely both.For me, it was both.When I ordered the above diode I tested it with an Ohm [volt] meter and a 9v batter.  The original had current both ways.  The new one allowed current only one way - that's the correct result.Tests on my old and new magnetrons with the Ohm meter had the same results (no battery needed for this).  Both tests read as a closed circuit (or 0.00 on my Ohm meter).  So I wasn't sure if the original Magnetron was actually broken or not.So to check this, I kept the old Magnetron installed and just installed the new diode (plenty videos on youtube on this).No heat. Problem NOT fixed.So then I replaced the Magnetron and kept the new diode in place. New Magnetron.  New Diode.Success.....my microwave works. Yay!Hope this helps.PS.  I ended up getting the an exact copy of the above Samsung OM75P(10) Magnetron for $52 (total final price)on another site.PSS.  Consider replacing the halogen internal light bulb while you have the microwave apart.
Wow, Wow, Wow! I was somewhat concerned about purchasing a microwave over the internet, but how great it was. I was even more than satisfied with the product it looks wonderful and works great as well. The price was less than the one we saw in the store and the delivery time was faster than what the computer stated. I had it install the same day and I am very happy about this product and the overall purchase. I know you will too.
Among the other problems mentioned, the glass panel in the door shatters when the convection oven goes over 400 degrees. And don't even think about installing a new door yourself, as GE insists only their repair people can do the work for $150 plus the cost of the door. Zero stars would be totally appropriate.
Easy to install, user friendly instructions.  Came in good condition.  Manual very easy to understand and use microoven.  Cooks in 12 the time when using fast back.  Really good product.
We bought this microwave cause it matched the GE Profile Range we had purchased previously.  It looks great!However, after less than 2 months of use, we had to replace the over the range light bulbs; which is apparently a common issue from the reviews on the ge website.  Worked fine for a year after that.  Last week we had an issue where the microwave started beeping to notify us that there was an issue with the keypad.  Turning the power saver off and on cleared the message, and we continued to use it uninterrupted for another week; until yesterday.  After heating lunch, I tried to warm a bottle of milk in this microwave.  After 30 seconds it was still cold, so I tried again.  At that point the microwave filled with smoke and the kitchen started to smell like something was burning.  We were told by the sales guy at the store that it is the magnatron that went (which is covered under warranty, but the labor is not; not to mention the $99 just to have the GE repair guy come to my house.  It sounds like something I wouldn't trust to be repaired.I DEFINITELY DO NOT RECOMMEND THIS PRODUCT!
Worked great for the first 2 years than completely broken.  AFter charging me $99 to look at my microwave, the GE repairman indicated that the repair would cost over $400.  Wow - what a ripoff.  I expected a profile to last a little longer than that.  If you want to replace this in 2 years - go ahead and buy.  Otherwise, look for a brand other than GE.
I had an older GE microwave above my range that died after about 8 years. When looking for a replacement I decided to go for another similar GE in order to swap it out easily, figuring it would use similar hardware. That was my first mistake.There's a steel plate used to mount the oven on the wall plus three big screws that go in from the cabinet on top. Not only is the plate different (requiring removal of old  installation of the new), not only are the anchor points in different places (requiring new holes), but they're placed just marginally off the old anchor points. Meaning that the integrity of the wood where you need to drill is compromised from the old screw holes. It required me to install a whole new shelf in the upper cabinet as well as trying my best to fill the old stud holes with wood filler and hoping it would be strong enough when I re-drilled.Here's the kicker... the installation hardware comes with butterfly screws as well as two thick wood screws for mounting to the wall studs. Unfortunately, those two wood screws are made of very cheap  weak metal. I pre-drilled guide holes as per the instructions, but when it came to screwing the screws in- the heads twisted right off on both of them (and I was extra careful with the second one after the first one broke).  The screws were already 34 of the way in, leaving me with no way to remove them and blocking the ability to try again in the same spot (a spot required for proper installation).  The oven isn't light, the installation requires heavy duty hardware, why ship the microwave with such crappy screws?Lessons:Buy your own mounting hardware.When it comes to buying a replacement appliance, there's no value in nepotism.
If this GE Profile Microwave is built like its cousin, the PVM1870, beware of the worst quality control and internal components possible.  In the two years we have owned a PVM1870 Profile, it has had 6 service calls and about every electronic part but the magnetron has been replaced, several components have been replaced TWICE.  I can accept and understand an electronic component failing, but not that many with some replaced twice -- does NOT speak well of either quality internal components, quality internal engineering or quality control.  The only reason that I gave it one star is that a zero star rating is not possible.Addendum:The motorpower supply burned up AGAIN -- plus another service call for the vent door not opening any longer.  Now we are up to 8 service calls on the extended warranty.  This GE product is an ABSOLUTE PIECE OF JUNK and the last GE product we will ever own.  BTW -- the service personnel are excellent and know their jobs -- it is strictly the lack of build quality and quality control for this GE product that has caused so many failures.  It does not deserve ANY stars in the rating.
Bought GE's 2006 model. It became a bread boxclock four days ago (about 9152012). Scheduled one of their authorized repair men. Took him 5 minutes to determine that the only problem was that the microwave generator thingy quit. The display, oven light and turntable are as good as new, but the micro doesn't heat anything. Cost of the part = $400. The good news is that the $75 house call will be offset by getting a coupon redeemable for $100 if I buy another GE Profile over-the-range. My cheap, little, off brand counter top microwave just won't quit working. I'm not certain what to do.One last thing, the halogen surface light quit about six weeks after original purchase. You have to stand on your head, and use a special backhanded screw driver to replace the bulbs. Very convenient feature, but maybe I should have paid an authorized repair tech to replace the bulbs.
Bought Over The Range GE Microwave PVM1790SR1 SS Unpacked it. Before installing , plugged it in to test.It started automatically, control panel went dark no amount of pressin STOPCANCEL button would stop it from running.Returned the product yesterday.
After UPS destroyed a Whirlpool unit last week, I opted to upgrade to this GE model.  The mistake I made was allowing UPS to handle the shipment again.  It is becoming apparent that UPS cannot handle anything that requires a hand truck without damaging it.  I would suggest that Amazon include a carrier option for shipping heavy items to possibly preclude damage in shipment.  For me, UPS would fall just below the kid down the street with his little red wagon.  As to the GE microwave, it arrived with two corners completely bashed in and assorted other small dents.  Not exactly a 30,000 foot drop, but enough to render it unusable.  If I'm ever able to once again enjoy receiving, installing and using an over-the-range microwave oven, I'll be sure to review its salient points.  Oh, and all potential buyers should be aware that if you purchase any item like this from a vender who does not have the caveat fulfilled by Amazon next to their name,and you have to return the item, you will simply have to wait for the item to arrive back at the vender and then rely on the vender to reimburse the cost.  Amazon cannot reimburse for it - you MUST wait for the vender.  Me?  I'm still waiting for my $500. Caveat Emptor!September 13 - Update - Item arrived back at the vender today.  I'm still waiting for my $500.
We purchased our oven in December 2011. No problems until recently when we tried to start the oven it would show 34;pause34; on the display and not come on at all. Now it just comes on if the door is closed and nothing has been entered on the key pad. Short lived junk as far as I am concerned. My last microwave lasted 5 times as long and was still working when I gave it away to go to this over the oven unit. Quality is long gone.
This is a great microwave combination convection oven, the knob dial is actually very nice and initially was hesitant about getting it because of that, but now my wife and I truly love it
Because I was stung by the fatal malfunction of the digital display on my 1 12 year old Samsung microwave, this time I opted for a semi-manual operating system.  It's a mixed blessing.  Hopefully, it will last longer, but it's cumbersome.  Want 10 seconds to melt butter?  Nope, 15 seconds only.  Want to use the timer?  You must press the button THREE times to activate it.  The convection cycle seems slow, but works. These are little things, and I'm hoping this microwave will carry me through at least 4-5 years of irritation.
I bought this to replace my decades year old GE microwave.  After reading all the reviews, this microwave convection was close to top with the added feature that it might actually work with the existing GE wall mount; it didn't.  Overall, this seems to be a nicely designed unit.  I am using convection cooking all the time now, or even starting with microwave and ending with convection to warm things I won't nuke.It seems to me that a proper review would be done a year from now, and not before the plaster has dried.
I had to  order 3 of these because the first two arrived damaged. After the third one was installed it looks great and works great. I got it just before Thanksgiving so I used it as an oven so I then had two ovens which came in very handy.
Terrible product. Cheaply made. Horrible review all around.
Installed easily.  So far I've baked a chocolate cake and cookies with convection method. Both turned out perfect. Microwave works as I expected.
Exactly what we hoped for in every way.After needing to retire our well-loved Advantium, we opted to replace it with a more-basic microwave.After rewiring from 220 (what the Advantium required) to regular ol' 110, we bought this GE microwave-comboand had it installed. What separates this unit from other combination models? Well, for one...We can use the timer AND the microwave at the same time; Something we kind of took for grantedin having had the Advantium for so many years.No other microwave seems to have this stupidly-basicfeature, something we learned the hard way by initially purchasing a top-rated Sanyo unit.(And they questioned US when we kvetched about the timeruse of microwave conflict, insisting we wereasking for too much; Right...)Back to this GE: Stainless steel interior is wickedly-easy to clean, the 'beep' tone isn't obnoxious, and the heatingelement cooks evenly.Just perfect in all ways; Can't say more about it.Thanks!
It works well. Does everything I bought it for. Easy to set  and operate. Does take a while to warm up for baking, but operating on 110v it is to be expected
Very easy install to replace our 2001 version of this unit. Able to retain the old mounting plate, plus all hanging screws, rear vent, and power cord lined up perfectly. A 10-minute change out of the old unit and install this unit. Some features updatedimproved over the past thirteen years. Only obvious design flaw is the faint grey almost-invisible text on every control panel button, especially the StartPause and Cook Time buttons. In its infinite wisdom, GE placed these two major buttons directly below the huge control panel knob, so they're always in shadow because no overhead light shines on them. Would have made more sense to print the text in bright-white like GE did on our Profile slide-in range, or maybe even back-light the buttons. The old unit had a design flaw where the door's handle lower fastener broke off all the time requiring a service call and part replacement. This one has a stronger handle, but the buttons are very hard to see. If we had it to do over again, we'd choose a different modelbrand.
It came slightly damaged but main problem is that it does not heat at all in any functions.  I have tried to heat a cup of water with Microwave Express, it looks like it is cooking but the water is at room temperature after 30 seconds.  Then I have tried all the functions and none of them work.  The surface light and the vent fan works fine.  I really should try it before I install it.  Now I have all the trouble to remove it and install another one.I order it from Amazon and contacted both the seller Home Care Company.  Since it is Saturday so I will have to wait up to two working days to to get a respond from Home Care Company.  I am not sure what will happen but I am not recommend to buy this product or buy it online.
[[VIDEOID:moBYPRU8YOTEBW]]I bought this microwave recently. It seems to be noisy to me. Either i got defective one, or it is normal for such microwaves. Please listen the sound from the video. Comments are welcome. I will update the review if It can be fixed.
We installed this microwave three months ago and it was working well until several days ago when we set the convection bake to heat at 375 degrees and after 15 minutes the device completely shutdown.  It has completely died.  I set up an evaluation and repair with GE (between 8 - 12 am) and by 11 30 am, they still hadn't showed up and I needed to leave for the office.  BTW, I had a similar experience when I scheduled a repair for my GE washer.  I will never by GE again!  After 3 months, to have problems with a brand new appliance is unacceptable.
Good quality product.  Installed well and works great.  Some reviewers commented on the way the door closes, but I have found it to be just fine.  Hopefully it will last a long time.  I would recommend.  32013 Update:  The microwave has worked flawlessly for the past year.  Very pleased with it.  With lots of use and much by teenagers, it has shown to be sturdy and solidly built thus far.  It also cooks very efficiently.  Still happy and would still recommend.
I bought this particular microwave oven because it would fit in the space over our stove and the price was very good. It's worked well, without any problems since I bought it a few months ago. My only complaint is that you can't have the timer going and cook something in the microwave at the same time. I've never had a microwave that couldn't do that so that's a little disappointing.
We bought this mainly because it had to be the same size as our old one, to fit into a space in our cabinets, and this was the closest. A bonus was the turntable, which my husband really likes.  It is larger inside than the old one, and more powerful, in the same space!  We have used it 4 months now with no issues at all.  The door does close and open rather hard, so we ease it closed, otherwise we love it! The controls are very easy to use.  We had a bit of trouble installing it, we could not get the bottom slots in the microwave  to slip onto the bracket, so we just bent the bottom of the bracket so the microwave sits on on it, and it is screwed to the cabinet from the top.  A good choice if it becomes available again.
This arrived incredibly fast and features were as advertised.  However, do be aware that the height is listed as 15 and 12 and this was a primary consideration as I was replacing a microwave in a tight space.  Sure enough, the front is 15 and 12; however, the unit slopes to 16 and 12 at the back.
The first time I used it, I was disappointed with it, but I don't know if it just got better, or if I pushed the wrong button the first time because it's been great since. Nice and roomy interior, easy to install (I did it completely by myself, though I recommend you have a friend). I did forget to change the fan so that it vented up at first, so I had to take it down to do that, but once you get the frame mounted on the wall, that part is easy. The hardest part was mounting it to the cabinet above... I'm not sure how they could have made it any easier though, the problem is mostly a matter of physics.    I would recommend this to anyone needing a decent power microwave to go over their range.
If you are by nature an angry person this is the microwave for you, as trying to use it will do nothing but make you angry.  If you pound on it just the right way, it will work for week or two, then quit. It worked for about a year, then started shorting out.  I had it repaired, but the repair only lasted about two months.  It's only few years old and hasn't been used much but it's already worn out the door latch is loose and won't close.  The warranty is only a year, which is no doubt how Bosche stays in business.  Stay away.
This microwave is now two years old and the door has too much play in it. It is loose and jiggles. The repairman can't fix it. It appears it needs a spacer of some sort. I would not recommend this product for that reason. If the door starts to do this, you have to get a new microwave.
We had this for less than 2 years and the door handle fell off. It is held onto the microwave door with cheap plastic parts.
We bought this microwave because it was small and fit our space well, but after owning just a little bit more than a year, the plastic handle broke off at the bottom. Perhaps the glue melted over time? Regardless, we are not happy.  It's cheap.
This microwave has been decent, until today. The plastic piece that holds that handle on is extremely thin. After a year or two or lightnormal use, it breaks. If you read reviews, you will see others complaining about the same issue. The part costs around $16, but I'm not sure how to replace it as the back of the screw is covered by the door. Annoying.
The door near the bottom handle mount suddenly cracked, causing the handle to fall off, and the front glass panel to slide down. Wow, this is the first time I've seen a microwave oven break like this, especially an expensive high end unit like this one! It appears to be a design flaw: The door hook springs feel unusually strong, resulting in some unnecessary stress on the door when closing. Still, this seems like a really silly thing for a high-end microwave oven.I recommend you avoid this.
I've had this microwave for 10 months, and already the handle broke (apparently like everyone else's).  Dealing with the Bosch customer service group has been horrible...required like 8 phone calls to get a replacement part ordered under warranty, and then they wanted $99 for a tech to install it.  I finally convinced them to just send me the part for free so I could install it myself.  After removing the plastic trim from the inside, discovered that the screw holding the top part of the handle is behind a metal piece that seemed impossible to remove.  I just drilled through the metal and was able to get it done.  Whew!
It's a decent microwave, no better or worse than others I've had over the last 30 years in terms of cooking.If it looks nice in your kitchen and matches your other appliances, it might be worth considering.However, please know that this is the first time I've ever had a microwave that wont' let me set a timer while cooking.  Nor will it let you cook food in it while a timer is running.
27 trim kit isn't 27 inches. It's 26 and 12 so there was a 14 gap on both sides  Would look nice if it fit
does not keep ice cold . if you like cold drinks don't purchase . great cool collectable but it functional
Door broke near the handle in less than one year.  Had the door replaced under warranty.  Now the new door is breaking in the exact same fashion in less than a year (but now it's out of warranty!).  New door costs over $100.  Serious design or manufacturing flaw.  I can't recommend this microwave.  Very disappointed.
This microwave is wonderful. The quick heat buttons are convenient and easy to use. If you read Consumer Reports, it says this (or similiar) microwave has only a useful space of 0.9 cubic feet. Not so. This has a full 2.0 cubic feet of space which is great for cooking a ham or a large casserole dish. Very sharp design, useful and adequate lighting underneath. For the installationdo-it-yourselfers: It's 60 pounds and you have to lift it above your shoulders if you are installing over a stove. Follow the instructions to the letter, and all will turn out great. The directions are very good. Note: If you can, remove your stove before installing the microwave. The mfgr doesn't mention this, but it made things a lot easier (and I got to clean under it!)...2-3(-3 preferred) people are definitely needed to install this safely due to its weight and awkward size. I recommend this microwave highly!
I purchased this unit to replace a Sharp R-2110JW Smart Carousel which proved to be a piece of junk. What a contrast! For about the same price this unit is much higher quality. The controls are well thought out. The door is designed with the window built in. The Sharp has a plastic overlay glued on that fell off after a couple months. The wall mounting was very easy and straightforward. Overall I couldn't be much happier! LG has won a convert!
I bought this oven to replace a Whirlpool of equal size. I like the LG. It's a little more powerful, and the moisture sensor seems to work pretty well. It's a heavy beast and you will want to use the template that comes with it to lay out the installation bracket positions and holes for the support bolts. Get those right and the installation is no big deal. It does take two people to horse this 60 lb. appliance into place while starting the bolts, threading the cord etc.    It took me a couple of hours from opening the box to firing it up and I was a cabinet installer in my youth. Still, no big deal.    Tip: use a light spray adhesive to attach the layout template to the bottom of upper support cabinet.
I am changing my five star to a one star review.The product cooked food well, but despite gentle use (we read reviews here noting a cracked door), our door has cracked, then cracked again, and then the handle itself has snapped off.  The material quality is very poor.  We were very gentle with this unit, but it's simply a very low quality product.Absolutely do not purchase this.
I bought this appliance over a year ago and since then have been having a lot of problems with the door. The plastic handle cracked a few months after use, and this was repaired by their service. A few months later, the same problem occurred again, but this time created a tiny crack on the door itself. Again it was serviced for the handle alone. Just after the 1-year warrantee expired, the handle cracked the 3rd time, this time creating a much bigger fissure on the door so that it now cannot be opened. While the machine still functions, the design of the door is so poor that I would not at all buy another microwave from LG again. In all the houses I have owned, this is the first time I have any problems with any microwave.I would not at all recommend it.
I bought the 1.6 cu ft white one of these. My older and twice as expensive Whirlpool died and I didn't want to spend another 500 bucks on something that I now realize is a disposable item. When these break, almost any repair will cost as much as a new unit so I decided to stop buying top tier on these ovens. This unit was easy to install. It's lighter than my Whirlpool was, so I was able to hoist it onto the mounting plate myself and start the top screws without a problem. I think perhaps those who are complaining about the weight bought the larger model? Who knows. Sometimes it's hard to tell what some folks bought in these Amazon reviews.As others report, the fan is REALLY loud. Wow. And low fan is just as loud. The fan is definitely the down side. I found that the light is bright enough. Cooking is fast. The control panel is very Spartan. Oh, it has all the buttons, but where my old microwave said Pizza and Casserole etc. in the display, this one just has a numeral and you'll have to refer to the book a bit until you get the hang of it. Most of my cooking is just hitting the quick button anyway, so let's be real. I'm glad it doesn't have a lot of features I'll seldom use and that I would have had to pay for. The door looks solid enough to me. I see no problem with keeping it clean that others have reported, but perhaps that's because mine is white? So it's a good basic microwave, as cheap as they come and it works just fine. I consider it a 5-star cheap microwave.Edit added:Well, it has stopped working properly after 6 months. Most annoying is that the interior light will not turn off even though the door switches are working properly. While I liked the Spartan controls, my wife learned to detest that feature. I've decided not to have it repaired under warranty, but to be rid of it and buy a unit with better build quality. I'm dropping it down to 3 stars. It will probably be discontinued soon anyway but hate to leave my former rave review in place without changing it.without changing it.
I have an LG 1680BB over the stove microwave which is less than one year old.  The construction seems flimsy to me and the controls do not seem very well thought out.  It appears to me that the controls are made for a new family with really small children.  The presets are for things like oatmeal, babyfood, hot dogs, that sort of thing.    The main problem I have with the oven is that the handle just came off.  I looked closely at it and the plastic around the two screws which hold the handle on is melted and cracked.  It looks like the microwave heated that area enough that the plastic melted and then the rest of the handle cracked until it simply fell off.    I will never buy another LG microwave; not unless they are significantly improved.
I love this microwave. It was worth waiting for. I had ordered this microwave from 4 other companies that said they had it in stock and then called to tell me they were backordered.Amazon delivered. Thanks
I would NEVER recommend this microwave to anyone. Within only a few months of owning, the handle broke off, and the front plastic cracked. Of course my husband lost the receipt, so we could not return it, so we've dealt with it with no handle for a year. Now the whole front plastic has broken off and the glass fell out so we can't use it any more. Why would LG continue to make such a poorly constructed product? The plastic is brittle and the construction is bad. I would say this microwave does not even heat food as well as some of my past cheap counter top models. If I could give this product 0 stars, I would. Please do yourself a favor and do NOT buy this product. We will never buy LG again.
The microwave oven arrived on time and in excellent condition.  We have tested it to make sure it works.  It was just installed so we haven't used it a lot yet.....completely happy...excellent Amazon service as usual.
The handle is attached to the door by two weak screws that bear up against a nonmetallic surface on the door. For my unit, the lower attachment door surface broke within six months and the handle pulled away from the door.I am having a service call take care of it but it looks like a design flaw. Even if I get a replacement door, I expect it will break again in six months. Avoid this model design.Updated Dec 2016: Yes the replacement door also is showing the same problem.Worse: The magnetron failed as soon as the one year warranty was up. Would not heat food. We had a service call and replaced it.It has failed again in 9 months. LG wants more for a service call than the new microwave cost.I would avoid LG microwaves completely. I still have a countertop Panasonic microwave working perfectly after 15 years - unfortunately LG does not know microwaves :)
Verry good appliance don't have any of the issues i saw posted before i bought it only one thing should warn buyers it is a green appliance so no in microwave light sorry but other than that works like a charm.
We bought this Microwave at Lowes.  I think I would have a better chance at solving a Rubik's than installing the thing over the stove so we hired our handyman to do it.The microwave performs OK but the stainless steel began rusting in 9 months.  It is now pockmarked with rust and getting uglier every day.I regret this purchase.UPDATE:  Here I am a little more than a year after posting my original 1-star review, and I'm wishing there was zero star option.  One day about 2 hours after dinner the light inside the microwave randomly came on all by itself! The unit was previously off. Upon closer inspection we noticed not only was the light on, but the turntable was also turning. If we open the door, the turntable stops spinning. If we close it, it begins again. And the light remains on.Sometimes when we're done cooking something it will power off normally like its supposed to and we get lulled into a false sense that it fixed itself. But then it will randomly come on again later.It's acting like its possessed.  My guess is that all LG products are pure evil, and should be avoided.
WOW am I ever surprised! The product descriptions states 34;Spacious 2.0 cu. ft. interior Accommodates a wide range of meal and snack items34; this spacious interior is in reality 1.4 cubic feet!!!. LG's claim of 2 cubic feet include all of the little indentations on the sides and bottom So perhaps this unit has a 2 cubic feet capacity .. if you laid it on it's back drilled a hole in the door and poured in 2 cubic feet of liquid! Well so much for honesty in advertising ... I'll write another review when i actually start using my small microwave but for now I feel duped.
I bought this unit to replace an older LG model that was discontinued.  The older model worked fine until I melted it with a small kitchen fire (naturally the one time I disconnected the smoke alarm).  The new model arrived quickly.  I got a friend to help install it.  You'll need a friend  -It's too heavy for you to hold it up with one hand while you screw the bolt on with the other.I gave it four stars in my initial review but I'm changing it to one star because after only a couple of months, the microwave's fan and interior lights would go on sometimes when I closed the oven door.  But if I opened and gently closed the door again, it'd turn off.  It's been about six months since I first installed this oven and this problem is becoming frequent.  Today, my son texts me from home that the microwave won't turn off no matter what he does so I told him to leave the door open and when I get home tonight, I will disconnect it so it doesn't burn the house down.  A microwave oven is supposed to make our lives more convenient,  not fill us with dread that it can start an electric fire.  Checking on the internet, it seems that this is not an uncommon problem.  It's probably not going to be covered by warranty.  And how do I get it to the manufacturer?  They aren't going to pay a repairman to make a housecall for a lousy microwave oven.  If I pay for shpping both ways, I might as well buy a new microwave.  Lessons learned:  I will buy appliances from a brick and mortar store whose returnservice policy I understand and I will not use an over-the-range microwave again.
Although I did not buy this microwave on line, I feel the need to warn potential buyers.  Caveat Emptor.Unless you really like loud appliances, do not buy this one.  It sounds like a jet about to take off. I expected it to sound like a normal microwave. Not, a 747. One may think I am making a mountain out of a molehill, but I am hard of hearing and it is still loud to me.  I can only imagine what it sounds like to one with normal hearing.  'Nuff said.
Installed easily and looks great. It's only been in use for about a month but we have no complaints. Fan is quiet.
I wish I could give this zero stars. Bought this last year to go with my kitchen remodel. Every appliance I own is LG, washer and dryer included. Luckily, they still work. I work ALL the time and prefer my food grilled. I rarely use the microwave. Just bought it as a just in case method of heating leftovers. My microwave died today. Just stopped heating. Everything else apparently works on it. Apparently, a faulty magnetron is a wide spread occurrence. I did a live chat with an online rep. She wanted to send me to a service tech over an hour away. I declined. I explained to her similar issues from most owners of this model and stated this should be looked at as being recalled. No way we all messed up our units. I forwarded her to the Amazon reviews. She was basically like yeah, ok, do you want me to find you a service center? At the end of our conversation, she just ended the session. I wasnt finished chatting with her. I will NEVER buy an LG applianceChat log:Chat TranscriptTime of chat: 722015 4:54:35 PMLength of chat: 00:18:41Your name: rafael vazquezChatted with: Michelle, Paulsen4:54 PM Michelle: Hello rafael vazquez. Welcome to LG Electronics U.S.A. Support only. How may I provide you with again. excellent service today?4:55 PM rafael vazquez: Hello. My microwave stopped heating today.4:55 PM Michelle: Hi Rafael4:56 PM Michelle: I am sorry to hear about this.4:56 PM Michelle: Let__ perform some simple troubleshooting steps to see if we can resolve this issue.4:56 PM rafael vazquez: I'm sorry to experience this...lol4:56 PM rafael vazquez: ok4:56 PM Michelle: When the microwave oven does not heat, it may be caused by entering the wrong settings or inadequate power supply.4:56 PM Michelle: Let's Test the unit:4:57 PM Michelle: 1. Place a microwaveable safe cup, mug, or bowl of water inside the microwave oven.4:57 PM rafael vazquez: ok4:57 PM Michelle: 2. Press CLEAROFF or RESET to clear the keypad.4:57 PM Michelle: 3. Press COOK and enter 60 (seconds).4:57 PM Michelle: 4. Press STARTPAUSE.4:57 PM Michelle: Did the water heat?4:58 PM rafael vazquez: In just started it4:58 PM rafael vazquez: I just started it4:58 PM Michelle: Ok4:59 PM rafael vazquez: it did not heat5:00 PM Michelle: I see. Did the keypad respond and the microwave start?5:00 PM rafael vazquez: yes5:00 PM Michelle: Did the timer count down at an accelerated rate?5:00 PM rafael vazquez: no5:00 PM Michelle: Is the unit on a dedicated circuit breaker?5:01 PM rafael vazquez: yes5:01 PM Michelle: Great!5:01 PM Michelle: Please Turn off and back on the circuit breaker. Will the unit heat now?5:01 PM rafael vazquez: ok. Give me a minute5:01 PM Michelle: Sure5:01 PM Michelle: Take your time5:03 PM rafael vazquez: no heat5:03 PM Michelle: Thank you for your cooperation and your patience in answering all of my questions regarding your unit, Rafael. We are now done with the troubleshooting steps. The unit may require a visit from a professional service technician to diagnose and correct the issue.5:03 PM Michelle: May I have the exact date of purchase for the unit please?5:04 PM rafael vazquez: That sucks. I've looked around online and this appears to be a common issue with this model5:04 PM rafael vazquez: 5-9-145:04 PM Michelle: Did you purchase any extended warranty?5:05 PM rafael vazquez: no5:05 PM Michelle: I see. I would be delighted to provide you with Authorized Service Centers in your area to help you out with the repair. May I know your zip code please?5:05 PM rafael vazquez: 763065:06 PM Michelle: Thank you so much. Kindly give me a moment.5:06 PM Michelle: Upon checking, you may call FREEMAN'S APPLIANCE - 580-255-2676 to set up service for the unit5:07 PM rafael vazquez: where are they located?5:07 PM Michelle: 4325 N. Highway 815:07 PM Michelle: DUNCAN OK5:09 PM rafael vazquez: no thanks. That's over an hour away. probably cost more to fix than the microwave is worth. It's terrible that a microwave barely lasts a year.5:09 PM Michelle: I understand and do respect your decision if you do not want to have the unit serviced, Rafael.5:09 PM Michelle: Is there anything else I can assist you with today?5:11 PM rafael vazquez: Nope. I'll never buy an LG product again. From the horrible reviews of owners(rated 1 star on Amazon), with similar problems that are online after a year of use, it looks like this model should be recalled. It obviously has faulty components.5:12 PM Michelle: I will file a report for your complaint.5:12 PM rafael vazquez: They either stop heating or catch fire5:12 PM Michelle: It has been a pleasure to assist you today. Should you have any further questions or concerns, please do not hesitate to contact us again via Live Chat or phone at 18002430000. Thank you for choosing LG Electronics. We appreciate your business. Have a great day!
This is a nice looking unit. It arrived right on schedule and was well packaged, so no damage. Plus, all the features seem to work. I particularly like that the fan seems to be quieter than my old unit. My only complaint was, as noted by a couple of others, the installation instructions had the screws in the wrong places. Fortunately, I didn't do the install myself, a pro did it--or the micro would have been on the way back to 34;home34;! The unit matches my other LG appliances, so, I'm pretty happy. I'll update this after I've used the micro for a while. Ta. y'all.
I've had this microwave for 26 months. In that time I replaced the light under the microwave maybe 4 times. Sometimes it burned out, other times it exploded, but it seemed odd that that thing kept going. My previous cheapo microwave worked for 5 years and only needed the bulb changed twice.Then last night the light popped and the microwave blew the fuse. Since then, the fan and light have completely stopped working. The oven itself still works, but it makes me super uncomfortable how quiet it is as it heats, does it need the fan? Does it need to vent? I don't know. But I know after all the other comments I'm not reading on Amazon, that I'm not comfortable finding out.When I called LG, they asked if it was plugged in. I explained that the microwave worked, but not the fan or the lightbulb. She said it was probably my outlet. Not very helpful. When I called a repairman, he said fixing it would cost $200. Ugh, looks like I34;m in the market for a new microwave.
Install was really easy, and the microwave looks and works great. The buttons are really touch sensitive and it seems to clean very easily.
I had the older version 2083ST and it stopped working so I replaced it with this microwave - has identical size and older model does not exist.Two aspects were problematic from the prior model - one of the mounting screws was located in the wrong position, thankfully the wall bracket and one of the screws aligned perfectly. So had to drill one more screw. However, the two screws are not symmetrical i..e the distance from the sides of the microwave are different. This is bad engineering, as the center of gravity is not the center.Second, the interior is grey, so we cannot be see the food cooking. Moreover, the bottom of the outside panel is tinted (or black) so unless you are 6 ft tall, you cannot see the very dark interior with very small light.Further, the microwave arrived with the mounting bracket (which was located at the top of the microwave carton) bent; thankfully, we had the older one, we did not have to use it.Overall, disappointed with LG design and there is no backward compatibility with older models.
We used this brand new microwave for 3 weeks, and last night it caught fire while we were microwaving food.The food was not burnt, or overcooked. In fact it still had a minute more to go, when I noticed flames inside, at the top fan assembly region. We were able to put it out with a damp towel, but the entire top section was melted to reveal the electrical wiring inside.We googled to see if anyone had a similar problem and found the review posted just a week earlier hear on Amazon. This is clearly not some random freak accident, but a recurring problem with this microwave.If you have this microwave, do not leave it unattended while microwaving. If you are considering purchasing it, please please do not do it.
We are currently on the third microwave from LG. The first microwave failed after 2 weeks.  It took 2 weeks for LG to get us a new microwave.  The next microwave lasted 11 months.  It went out on thanksgiving, we bought a 69.00 off brand microwave, it has worked perfectly for last 18 months. The LG failed again after 18 months.  Lowes and Home Depot should replace microwave.  Reading the blog, I have never had a brand of microwave failed this often.  I am going to take LG to court.  They have to know there is a major problem, if so many failures, yet they continued producing this worthless piece of junk.  This appears to be another bean counter situation, cheaper to give new machine and fix damage, than recall product.
Appliance was the right one to match my other appliances but did not work on power up. There is not a service tech that is backed by the company seller. So it had to be sent back. My money was refunded pronto but I would rather have the applince
We moved into a house that already had the MCO160UW microwave oven installed. After a few months the microwave would stop working and then randomly run on by its self for 3 minutes and 30 seconds. After deciding the microwave needed to be replaced for safety reasons we looked for another. We purchased one with the same length and width but after installing it realized the adjacent cabinet door wouldnt open since it  is at an angle due to the microwave sticking out too far from the wall. The standard size is 16'deep and up. Anything over 15' deep will stick out too far for the cabinet to open and the ONLY microwave available anywhere with 14.9' depth was this one. We desperately needed a new microwave so decided to give this same model, MCO160UW, a second try it failed again after 1 week of use. It will not run longer than 1 minute and 30 seconds at a time until it shuts off. In order to use it again you must wait a few minutes for it to turn back on. I DO NOT RECOMMEND THIS PRODUCT.
Microwave MCO165UW  over heats and turns off.  First week had repairman out, ordered parts, after 3 weeks Magic Chef still had not sent parts, sent them 2 day.  Repairman came back out and replaced parts.  Still overheated.  Magic Chef said heat water if it does not turn off it works like it is suppose to.  Cannot steam vegetables, cook baked potatoes and so forth.  Who buys a microwave just to heat water?  Do yourself a favor and NEVER BUY Magic Chef.
This model performed as to be expected... it adequately heated items. After just over one year it suddenly suffered a short and started starting by itself. Additionally, the control pad stopped working. We temporarily overcame the problem by leaving the unit unplugged until needed and it then only sometimes functioned. Perhaps the old adage is correct in you get what you pay for.
I had been using this microwave for only about two years when it suddenly began turning itself on! REALLY scary!! A bad fire hazard, and I have found others who report the same phenomenon with the same model. Wondering why it has not been recalled and who to lodge a complaint with!!
Just like with the previous reviewer, this microwave worked well until it didn't work at all.  It started turning itself on and then the keypad stopped working.  Since we had bought the house with the microwave, we didn't have the  info we needed to return it but on the instruction manual, the previous owner wrote that it was installed in 2008 and the oven stopped working at the end of 2009.  The manufacture date on the unit said December 2007 so it was less than 2 years old.
THIS IS AWESOME! LOVE IT! IT WAS EASY TO INSTALL! COOKING AND DEFROSTING IS VERY WELL! AND THE SHIPPING WAS EARLY! VERY HAPPY OVERALL!
I've had this mic for just over a year, and as with others, it just started turning on by itself this week. Fire hazard! Thank God I was home the first time it did it. It's 2.30am and it just woke me up by coming on again. Spooky to say the least, dangerous to say the most. I can't keep it plugged in anymore, and I assume, based on others' experience that I'm reading online, that it is no longer safe and I will have to get rid of it. What a rip off.
VERY smelly!!!Be sure to scrape all rust out with steel wool, paint scraper, whatever it takes. The directions were minimal...I googled for more information.
The microwave in our new house had corrosion and under the turntable. I sanded and cleaned for about an hour then sprayed this paint. I did have a little overspray but it turned out pretty well. There's a spot that looks like I didn't sand and clean well enough but there is plenty of paint left in the can to re-do it. It's good enough for now and the paint is holding up well after a month.
Paint itself seems to work well -- depending upon WHERE you paint.  If your microwave is like mine, with a turntable, the (factory) paint wore off in the path of the little wheels that turn the glass table.  (NOTE: My oven is at least 10 years old.)  I read the paint can's directions thoroughly, scraping off all the old, loose paint and rust.  The paint says use it in a well-ventilated area; I suggest you wait for a nice, low-humidity day and use the paint outdoors.  (It smells quite bad.)  Make sure you allow the paint to dry thoroughly before bringing it indoors; I also waited 24 hours before re-installing the turntable and using the microwave.Results:  Within 2 months, the paint had been worn off by the turntable wheels, and I'm back where I started before painting.  So -- I guess if you're repainting someplace that will NOT get any wear, this paint will work fine.  Under turntable wheels, not so much.PREVENTION ADVICE:  Make sure your microwave oven is clean and DRY after each use.  Some foods, such as potatoes, generate a lot of steammoisture in the oven -- which drained UNDER the turntable.  I didn't always notice the moisture, and that's what caused the rusting in the first place.
I had a ring of rust and metal on the bottom of my microwave oven.  My husband just wanted to buy a new oven but I had already ordered this product.  I worked great.  I followed direction I found online and my oven is like new again!
My daughter had a GE microwaveoven combo. The microwave had the infamous GE flaking paint interior problem. The cost of replacing the integrated units to correct the microwave was very steep. So I bought a can of this paint to see if it would work.To my amazement, it did! Now it wasn't easy, I had to degrease the inside of the oven (TSP), then sand it by hand and some machine for about an hour to get all the base paint solid. I used PaintStriper sanding blocks, 60 and 100 grit, the followed up with some 150 grit paper. Then I had to mask the oven opening with masking tape, paper, and a cheap plastic tarp to beware of overspray.Pro - Followed the directions on the can, and sprayed away! It worked and is still holding up 3 weeks later. So about $35 in material has, so far, stopped a very expensive (hundreds of dollars) oven replacement.Cons - The paint is acetone based so ventilation is a MUST .  Pick a day when doors and windows can be open and I would get the kids out of the house. The paint does dry very fast in about an hour.
I had a rust spot inside my microwave oven.  Sanded it down, put on two coats of paint, fixed the problem and the rust hasn't come back.
Great stuff.  Saved me from having to buy new oven.  It's been a year, and it's still good.
Prep surface carefully.  Be sure to leave no residue on surface to be painted.  Use multiple thin coats.  Allow sufficient time between coats for it to dry.  The color matches my microwave very well.
This microwave cavity paint has worked out great so far!  We have a GE in-cabinet microwaveoven combo unit so when the paint began to peel off the top of the microwave I was really worried because to replace this unit it is over $1000 due to it being a specialty item.  So I sanded down the top of the microwave really well.  Be sure to get ALL loose paint off - should be totally smooth.  Then when the paint arrived I shook it up real well and applied a coat to the top of the microwave.  It was actually a pretty good sized area I needed to cover.  After letting that coat dry for a couple hours I added a second coat and after a couple more hours I added a third coat.  I want to make sure it was coated good.  So far we have used it for a few weeks and it still looks great.  I showed it to my son and he said the inside looked brand new now!  I let it dry for 36 hours before use as the can didn't have any recommendations or directions for how long to let dry before use.  The smell is overwhelming and I would suggest using eye protection if you must use it inside as the fumes come out toward your face.  I would take a counter top unit outside to treat.  I didn't have that option so I had to just do it.
i had where and tear on the bottom of my unit and paint pealing on the top. i brushes it down with a wire brush and put several coats of paint on it as directed. the product worked great. the inside of my microwave looks brand new.
Had large amount of rust under rotating plate in GE microwave.  Surface prep is important.  I started out with sandpaper and discovered this was going to take too long due to the amount of rust I had.  I ended up using a 134; metal paint scraper to remove all paintrust down to base metal in the damaged area, this worked very well.  Then sanded smooth.  Wiped surface clean with rubbing alcohol. Masked off area to be painted.  Ensure adequate ventilation when painting.  I applied mutliple coats.  2 months of usage thus far... looks great, holding up great!
I have extensive experience in refinishing metals; it is difficult to get paint to adhere to aluminum.I power-sanded the entire interior down to bare metal.Contrary to the LABEL claims, THIS PAINT DOES NOT ADHERE TO BARE METAL!!Once dried, it scrapes off with your fingernail.Q: The factory paint failed despite having been primed so how could this paint work with No Primer??A: IT CAN'T!If I were to repeat this process, I'd have first primed it with a high-temp, self-etching automotive primer.Maybe then there'd be a prayer of success...Bottom Line: Unless you're willing to go thru the tedious process of properly preparing AND PRIMING, DON'T WASTE YOUR TIME OR MONEY ON THIS PRODUCT.PS:  (2) Cans are required to adequately refinish the entire interior
The ceiling of my microwave was a disaster. Paint was peeling all over it. This product did the trick. Make sure you sand properly and spray several light coats rather than one thick one.
I received the item before the expected date-package and it's contents were intact, no issues at all with delivery.I used it the day I received it; after reading the many helpful hints in these online reviews, it was very simple and easy to use. It works great for me, for small loads in my apartment-I live alone and don't have large amounts of laundry to wash.The tube they supply to fill up the tub didn't fit onto my faucet, but I have a plastic pitcher I used to fill it (three pitchers full, easy peasy). When in use, it sits right on my kitchen counter and the drain tube empties the water directly into my sink. The Panda is fairly quiet, if I have music or the tv on, I can't hear it at all.It's really been a huge help to me, and I use it often. I am planning on getting a mini-electric dryer as well, then I will only have to visit the laundrymat once a month, if that. I highly recommend the Panda-it's just so darn cute, and works like a charm with small loads.
We replaced our 15 year old GE Profile Spacemaker with a new updated GEProfile Spacemaker Microwave Oven.  It is basically the same one with big subtle improvements.  I am probably the only one who used the old microwave with all of  its bells and whistles.  I am amazed at how updated these items are today.   Forinstance to cook fresh vegetables just load them in and push the veggie button.  Somehow it senses when they are cooked to perfection and not rubber.  I cooked a  perfect scrambeled egg in one minute, stirring once.      We oredered the undermount hardware just because.  Guess what?  Since we replaced  the identical microwave the old mount fit perfectly. Oh well.    I really would have loved it in stainless steel but didn't see it offered.    I do hope this gives us another 15 years but at that price I am not too worried  about the track record. The first GE over the stove microwave I bought 30 years  ago was $600!
I wanted a microwave that took up as little counter space as possible, had sensor cooking and was easy to use.  This one fit all that criteria and had a bonus:  a Beverage key which I use a lot to heat water to the perfect temp for tea.  This microwave is perfect for my needs and I'm very happy with it.  The only downside is that the quality is only average.
Have owned this microwave for about 2.5 years. Has been a great performer albeit a bit longer cooking times because of it's low wattage. However, about 6 months ago the interior paint began to chip. There is now about one third of the inside paint missing. Have read numerous complaints regarding this problem on other sites so ours is not an isolated incidence. Most consumer info that is available states that the chipping paint is not unsafe. I don't know about you but I don't prefer my food with paint chips in it. I'm sure soon it will start sparking from all of the exposed metal. Haven't replaced it yet as we can't find a replacement to fit our space requirements.
I had this installed when I did my first kitchen remodel about 6 years ago. Then all of a sudden in April of 2009, the unit stopped working. Everything else was fine except that it would not heat the food. It would even make all the noise and so on. So, I had to replace it, and decided to just buy a new one and reinstall it. To my horror, less than 2.5 years later, I have the exact same failure. On top of this, if you need any repair service, they charge you a minimum of $100 to just come and diagnose and on top of that charge you for parts and labor! I am so unhappy and furious for this to have happened twice in a row. I will never again buy anything from GE!!! And charging almost 40% of the price of a new unit just for someone showing up at your door is quite silly.
We also experienced problems with the paint peeling in this microwave.  It is no longer under warrenty and I was told by GE that this was an isolated incident.  Obviously, that is not the case.  I would not recommend this product especially since GE is unwilling to stand behind their product.
I have had no problem with the microwave -- everything has worked well since I bought the house 6 years ago, when the microwave was already 2 years old. The paint just now started to peel on the inside roof of the microwave, and since I am told that is problematic for paint chips in the food and for interfering with the magnetron, I need to replace the unit. I have the same problem as others who have posted reviews -- my kitchen has custom cabinets with a space for this size unit. I could remove my stove hood and fit an over-the-stove microwavefan unit, but that would leave a hole where the current unit is located, and I would need to buy a custom cabinet for the hole. Seems like a lot of cost to just replace a microwave. Has anyone found another similarly sized unit? Or had GE fixed the obvious paint defect that is an obvious problem with this model?
As a vertically-challenged individual, I was looking forward to getting a countertop microwave when we remodelled our kitchen.  However, I was not looking forward to giving up the multiple functions offered by my larger, over-the-stove microwave.  Additionally, I did not want to give up my useable counter space which I would have to do with the standard 18 inch or more deep countertop microwaves.  I also wanted enough space left on the counter so that, if necessary, when removing something from the microwave, I could sit the container on the counter immediately in front of the microwave.  I had a small 24 inch wide by 14 inch deep nook available between my refrigerator and the corner appliance garage, but was certain I would not find a suitable microwave to fit.  Since we were not replacing cabinets, I had to work with the available spaces.To my surprise, the GE Profile Spacemaker II was the exact size of the nook!  Although there were many negative reviews of the product, I decided to take a chance on this microwave and purchased one at Best Buy.  Through an abundance of caution, I also purchased an additional 4 year warranty so that if I experience any of the problems others have encountered, I will be able to have the Spacemaker II repaired or replaced.  As the extended warranty was only a little more than a service call would cost, I felt it was worth the expenditure.So far, I am very pleased with the GE Profile Spacemaker II microwave.  My spouse and I do not cook meals in our microwave, but do reheat beverages; cook frozen vegetables and veggie burgers; and, occasionally, defrost meat.  The Spacemaker performs these functions admirably!  Although it takes about 30% more time to heatcook things than my 1100 watt microwave, this has not been a problem.  Further, I like this model better for defrosting as it does not start cooking the meat like the more powerful models do.  The control panel buttons are very responsive.  I have cracked other microwave's button surfaces because of the difficulty in getting them to respond to my touch.  I do not foresee this occuring with the Spacemaker II.In the past, I have allowed bread to raise inside my microwave.  I found this allowed me to leave the bowl or pan uncovered as there is no air flow inside the microwave, and the temperature remains consistent.  The Spacemaker's interior is large enough for me to continue using the microwave in which to raise bread.Because I keep this microwave on my counter, I keep a plastic glass of water in it to prevent accidentally starting it empty and possibly ruining the magnatron.Further, I would caution those who are looking for a compact microwave for an elderly individual who may be confused by having to choose among multiple function buttons.  The GE Profile Spacemaker II has a control panel that can be confusing as it has 29 separate buttons from which to choose.  Thus, it might not be the best choice for individuals.For me, the GE Profile Spacemaker II is the ideal microwave and I am giving it a five-star rating.  If things change, I will update my review accordingly.s button surfaces because of the difficulty in getting them to respond to my touch.  I do not foresee this occuring with the Spacemaker II.    In the past, I have allowed bread to raise inside my microwave.  I found this allowed me to leave the bowl or pan uncovered as there is no air flow inside the microwave, and the temperature remains consistent.  The Spacemaker's interior is large enough for me to continue using the microwave in which to raise bread.    Because I keep this microwave on my counter, I keep a plastic glass of water in it to prevent accidentally starting it empty and possibly ruining the magnatron.    Further, I would caution those who are looking for a compact microwave for an elderly individual who may be confused by having to choose among multiple function buttons.  The GE Profile Spacemaker II has a control panel that can be confusing as it has 29 separate buttons from which to choose.  Thus, it might not be the best choice for individuals.    For me, the GE Profile Spacemaker II is the ideal microwave and I am giving it a five-star rating.  If things change, I will update my review accordingly.
After just two and a half years of use, the paint--is it really paint???--is peeling off the inside top in large pieces. No doubt we've eaten more unnoticeable bits. The microwave is built in. Anybody find a better one with the same dimensions?
We've had ours (probably an older model) since 2004.  Paint in the back just peeled and it's doing some sparking.  Be careful, everyone.
In January 2011 I purchased a PEM31SMSS GE spacesaver microwave because it was the only microwave with 400 watts of power I could find that would fit in the space I have.  It looked nice - better than a plain black box.  Approximately 4 months later the keypad stopped working and the microwave was replaced under warranty.  In August of 2011 the replacement microwave wouldn't turn off, and was replaced under warranty.  In March of 2012 after heating a cup of coffee, the third microwave just went dark and wouldn't work any more.  The stainless model was no longer available and was replaced with the black, which arrived yesterday.  Today I unpacked it and plugged it in.  The interior light won't turn off and there is no keyboard response when I press the START button because something in the latch isn't making contact.  I think I've had one of everything that could go wrong.  I would definately not recommend purchasing a GE spacemaker microwave of any style.
Purchased this product from Warehouse Deals (Fulfilled by Amazon) which was advertised as USED but in GOOD condition, microwave oven arrived April 28, 2012. The product did not work and the door was damaged. Contacted GE Tech support who dispatched a repair tech to my home on May 1, 2012, who indicated the door was bent and the microwave had internal damage. He also stated he would ship the parts to my home and when they arrived to call GE for him to return. On May 5, 2012 the parts arrived, notified GE immediately and a tech representative  would be responding Monday May 7, 2012. I don't know if this product  had damage before it was shipped by Warehouse Deals or it was destroyed in transit by UPS. I will keep this situation updated as time progresses then either keep the rating or change it? Just a note...reading all the bad reviews on this particular GE Profile Spacemaker microwave oven (PEM31SMSS) I'm contemplating  having additional problems with this particular GE microwave. I really had no choice, this unit replaced my old GE Profile Spacemaker microwave (JEM31SF01) that was built into a custom kitchen cabinet; as I required the exact dimensionsscrew lineup for the interior metal holding frame and the stainless steel trim covers.Update 5912: The GE technical representative responded to my residence Monday 572012 who subsequently replaced the front door and some internal electronic parts. The new door still did not align properly with the frame. The rep contacted GE and informed them of the continuous failure of the door not to align correctly. A decision was made to replace the entire unit with a new replacement. I will keep this situation updated if and when the new microwave arrives from GE.Update: 51712: A brand new microwave was delivered to my home and installed by a installationrepair company sub-contracted by GE. One of the installers from this third party company advised me this specific GE Profile Spacemaker microwave oven (PEM31SMSS) is their 1 problematic GE microwave; for the reason that the inside paint peels-off within 3 to 6 months of use. The gentleman also indicated they exchange these microwave's more than any other GE microwave. With all this latest documentation and all the negative reviews on this particular model (PEM31SMSS) what's the probability of my new microwave lasting the test of time???..... Mediocre To Put It Mildly. As I previously indicated, I had no recourse, since I needed a replacement to fit into a custom cabinet, with the correct dimensionsscrew lineup for the interior metal holding frame and the stainless steel trim covers; these two items cost more than the entire microwave alone. In conclusion, I would recommend everyone to purchase a different model GE or a different brand all together.oven (PEM31SMSS) is their 1 problematic GE microwave; for the reason that the inside paint peels-off within 3 to 6 months of use. The gentleman also indicated they exchange these microwave's more than any other GE microwave. With all this latest documentation and all the negative reviews on this particular model (PEM31SMSS) what's the probability of my new microwave lasting the test of time???..... Mediocre To Put It Mildly. As I previously indicated, I had no recourse, since I needed a replacement to fit into a custom cabinet, with the correct dimensionsscrew lineup for the interior metal holding frame and the stainless steel trim covers; these two items cost more than the entire microwave alone. In conclusion, I would recommend everyone to purchase a different model GE or a different brand all together.
RECALL NEEDED - THIS PROBLEM HAS EXISTED FOR OVER 8 YEARS IN THE SAME MODEL MICROWAVE FROM G.E. IT IS NOT SAFE. ONCE THE WHITE COATING PEELS AWAY AND METAL IS EXPOSED THE UNIT WILL SPARK AND CAN CAUSE A KITCHEN FIRE.    The white coating is bubbling and peeling off of the inner top surface of my microwave. It was manufactured in March 2011 and installed in June 2011. Just over a year ago. The current unit was a replacement for the exact same built-in unit that also was just over a year old and experiencing the same problem. If you purchase one of these units, be sure to purchase an extended warranty.    If you read the comments at the GE community forum you will see that this problem has existed for years. Same product, same model number, same problem over and over. But GE has done nothing to correct it. Read the details at this link:  [...]    Although, it is a useful unit otherwise - lots of great features. But once the coating starts bubbling and peeling you cannot safely use it. Total hazard. Additionally, unless this unit is installed over a range users are probably operating the unit without knowing it is in an unsafe condition because they cannot see the coating peeling away on the top inner surface.    WHY HAS GE NOT RECALLED THIS PRODUCT?
When I opened the box, I saw the corner next to the push button was lose.  The thin and cheap stainless steel is only on the front, everything else is either painted metal and plastic.   I can't believe that the seller Abes of Maine Cameras and Electronics did not check the product before ship to the customer
We bought this microwave (JES2251SJ02) in Jan. of '07. It works pretty well. I like the Inverter defrost capabilities. Recently (Dec. '09) the oven bulb (part WB36X10302) burnt out. Not a critical problem but a definite pain in the a**. So far my choices in fixing it are:    1) Open it up and poke around trying to fix it myself. Carefully! There's reported to be high voltage capacitors in there that can permanently ruin your day and all your days to come. There is apparently no manual available that will tell you how do do this or what to watch out for.    2) pay for a GE technician to come to the house ($69) and replace the bulb ($12-$20 I think, the GE appointment scheduler doesn't know but I found it online for $11.75) PLUS LABOR.   How much do GE techs charge per hour? GE maint. doesn't know or won't say. How long will it take to complete the job? GE maint. doesn't know or won't say.   Let's estimate that the labor involved takes half an hour to pull the cover off and dismantle the thing enough to get to the bulb and replace it. If the tech charges only $50hr (probably considerably more) that's a total of $106 (house call + parts + labor). I paid $233 for the thing new. I need to pay almost half the purchase price to fix a burned out bulb 2 yrs later? Time to think about not buying anymore GE appliances.
This review is as much for this product as is for Consumer Reports. Bought all new appliances for a new cabin we built and used Consumer Reports recommendation to buy these appliances. This was one these purchases and was given an excellent review by the Consumer Reports people!!!Lasted just over a year and quit working. GE wants $75 just to look at it before telling me how much in parts and labor they will charge me to repair it. I can buy another company's 2.2 Cu. Ft. Stainless Steel Countertop Microwave for $89 today brand new with full warranty! Ah...no thanks!My old 29 year old Panasonic is still working great and heats food just as well as this one if not better. I think I'll take my own advice now instead of Consumer Reports and buy another Panasonic!UPDATE: Found out the inverter board is bad...GE wants $250 for a new part + $75 service trip charge and another $75 for repair = $400 total repair cost for a microwave oven just over a year old when one of these brand new is just under $300!!!
Our JES2251SJ02 lasted 4 months past the 12 month warranty. The inverter blew and the cost for a replacement inverter was $225, a new JES2251SJ02 is $258 so were trashing it. GE is sending us a $100 credit check good only for another GE appliance. The repair man recommended buying the cheapest microwave available and getting the extended warranty on any appliance. Everything out there is trash, said he. I'm afraid he is right.
The door has a huge dent in it. Makes me suspicious of how 34;new34; the product is or if it is a factory second or something  returned by another purchaser.
PLEASE read the reviews, it could save you time, money and frustration.  I also bought a GE Microwave - Cafe thought it would be a quality product because I paid over $400.00, it also started dying after the first year, the magnatron, which has a five-year warrenty was corroded and had to be replaced at an additional $$ repair cost, part was free.  One day after the 30 day repair warrenty the microwave  totally died -$800 +.  Repair failed to come during appointed time, in fairness they later said they had called and rescheduled, but I had no message on my phone so I waited for 4 hours.  The manager I spoke to was willing to have me wait another five hours on another day, that's the best they could do.  So if you want to throw your money away and get poor service, definitely buy GE products!
[[ASIN:B000UW1WW8 GE Profile : JES2251SJ 2.2 cu. ft. Countertop Microwave with Child Lockout and Extra LargeCapacityI purchased this product less than two years ago  today it finally just stopped.This was considered a very good micro, however it should have lasted much longer. I no longer have any faith in GE products and would never recomend this product to anyone!
I purchased a GE Profile Spacemaker 2.0 oven model JVM2070 BHO2 in 2007. About a year later the handle came off in my hand. I did my own repair but in so doing found the quality of construction to be quite poor. Self threaded screws in inferior quality plastic was the problem. Now, the keypad will not accept any inputs. GE only sells a control assembly at nearly $400 (the oven originally cost about $500). GE says their ovens are not consumer repairable and refer customers to a repair facility. My options are to pay a GE technician $75.00 to tell me the control assembly must be replaced at a cost of $400 or buy another brand of oven with a longer service life. Which option do you think I will choose?
Warning:  For appliances, Amazon.com reviews are skewed to the low side.  Most people who write appliance reviews do so because their apppliance stopped working and they get mad and want to take it out on the company.The Problem:  most microwaves are made by a few Asian companies.  GE has stopped manufacturing most small appliances and even some major appliances.  Many of the GE refridgerators are not only made in Korea, they were designed and engineered by Korea and only have a GE label slapped on them.  The expensive GE Profile microwaves are made by the guys who make the Panasonic and other microwaves.With an appliance or piece of electronics, it can be the luck of the draw.  There is a basic reliablity curve, called the bathtup curve. In the first few months of a product's life, there is a high percentage of units that fail.  Then, if you get past that, there is a long period where the odds of your product failing is very low, until end of life is reached, maybe 10 to 20 years later.  The people who write reviews in Amazon are the unfortunate ones who products fail during that initial period.My microwave broke after 4 months.  But, GE customer service is great.  I called them up.  They came to my house the same day.  It needed parts the repair did not have on his truck.  He ordered the parts, which came 2 days later.  I made another appointment and my microwave was back in a week.This microwave is big inside.  I don't know how imporantant that is.  We can put big plates or platters in it.  But, if it wasn't so big, I could just put the food in smaller bowl.It has lots of heating options.  But, so do the cheapest microwaves.  Personally, I don't think any of those heating options are of any value.  It is not like they are reliable to work automatically.  With any microwave, you experiment a couple of times and then you konw what setting to use.Really, there are only 3 important features for amicrowave:1.  How it looks.  I think this looks great.2.  Power.  This is 1200 watts and heats food fast.  I wouldn't get anything under 1000 watts.3.  Quality.  Unfortunately, I don't think you can do much about this.
Pros:LargeFast and Even HeatingGreat DefrostNot too loudCons:Sensor reheat is only good for soups and other substance that it is okay to heat to boiling (don't trust it with Pizza, or other foods like that).Bottom Line:  This is an excellent large microwave for countertop use.  The inverter defrost works almost perfectly every time, never cooking my food more than it should, but the reheat is a gimmick.This is a large countertop microwave, at about 2.2 cubic foot.  Coming from an over-the-range microwave this is a huge improvement in size.  The microwave heats uniformly and fast (it is 1200 watts).  The sensor reheat should only be used on foods it is safe to boil, otherwise it overcooks about everything else.  It also works best when you lightly cover the food, as sometimes uncovered food triggers it to turn off too early.  Lightly covered is critical, as the sensor works off water vapor temperature being released from the product.  If the water vapor cant leave the container it could become superheated.  Sensor cook should also only be used under supervision (you should be in the same room).I have had the microwave for about 6 months now with no issue.  It is no louder than other microwaves I have used, and the controls are intuitive and easy to use.  You do not have to press a cook button or anything to start your timed cooking.  My favorite feature is the inverter defrost.  Remember you enter the weight in pounds, so for an 8 oz pack of bacon you would enter 5 and start for 12 of a pound.  If you had a 1.5 pound package of meat, you would enter 15 and start for 1.5 pounds.  The display shows the weight correctly. Not much else to say about the product, it is a microwave after all.Update: To improve sensor reheat performance, use a lid over the food with a vent hole.  I use a paper plate with a small hole (finger tip size) punched in it.  This will make sure the reheat stays running long enough, but still gets some water vapor to judge the food temperature by so it doesn't over cook.Update (6262010): I have been using the microwave 2 years now.  It has been no issue and still works perfectly.  I use the sensor reheat almost all the time for soups and casseroles, and use the inverter defrost for my frozen goods.  I also use the popcorn button to heat microwave popcorn bags.  Everything has been working great!Update (7262011): Still going strong.  I use the inverter regularly for defrost, or lowering the power level to cook something slower.  It has worked well for me, and I think problems might be from shipping, quality control, or some other factor.Update (3212013): Still going strong, but maybe a bit noisier now.  No issue with inverter function or anything.eheat stays running long enough, but still gets some water vapor to judge the food temperature by so it doesn't over cook.Update (6262010): I have been using the microwave 2 years now.  It has been no issue and still works perfectly.  I use the sensor reheat almost all the time for soups and casseroles, and use the inverter defrost for my frozen goods.  I also use the popcorn button to heat microwave popcorn bags.  Everything has been working great!Update (7262011): Still going strong.  I use the inverter regularly for defrost, or lowering the power level to cook something slower.  It has worked well for me, and I think problems might be from shipping, quality control, or some other factor.Update (3212013): Still going strong, but maybe a bit noisier now.  No issue with inverter function or anything.
E. J. Tastad's review of this product is accurate and appropriate, but I would like to add some additional information.  I bought this GE Profile microwave oven in March of 2006 on the recommendation of Consumer Reports.  In September 2009 I am sorry to report that I had to throw it out because it wasn't worth repairing.  Consumer Reports gave this GE model their top rating for large microwave ovens.  It replaced an old Amana RadarRange that I had used for about 25 years before it burst into flames.  The Amana had also received Consumer Reports top rating back then.  If I recall, my Amana sold for about twice as much money (in 1981 dollars) as this GE costs in 2006 dollars.Since this microwave oven is more powerful, faster and consumes more electricity than small models, you may need to have a dedicated 20 ampere outlet available for its use.  Compared with my old Amana, the GE has a much more uniform distribution of heat when cooking or reheating, probably because the food is rotated on a turntable.  As E. J. Tastad found, the defrost cycle is easy to use, gives good distribution of heat and the front panel controls are fairly intuitive.  The stainless steel cabinet is attractive and easy to clean.Unlike my old Amana, this oven cannot multi-task.  For example, if you're running the built-in clock timer, you cannot cook or reheat something on a different schedule using different functions.  You must stop the clock timer to begin a cook cycle and vice versa.  You also cannot program several sequences of automatic operations as my old Amana could accommodate, nor can you program it to start at a later time.This microwave oven was not as reliable and did not last nearly as long as my old Amana did.  The magnetron tube in my GE Profile microwave oven failed after two years of use.  It's replacement was covered by the five-year GE warranty on the tube, but the warranty didn't cover the $85 in labor charges, which would have been even more if I had received the service on-site instead of taking the appliance to the appliance repair depot.  After 3 12 years of use, (September 2009) the main circuit board self-destructed.  It cost me $44 at the nearest GE repair facility to learn that it would cost me more than another $200 to replace the microwave oven's circuit board.Since other brands of similar-sized and power microwave ovens cost less than the repairs, I have discarded this microwave oven after 3 12 years and after spending $129 in diagnostic and repair charges in addition to the purchase price.  Given this experience, I now be hard-pressed to recommend this appliance considering its cost-of-ownership and short life.  This appliance should have lasted much longer.  It did not get heavy use and was never misused or abused.When I contacted GE about my failed microwave oven, they promised to make things right, asked for the model and serial number and requested that I cut off the appliance's power cord and plug and send it to them.  They then sent me a $100 rebate check that could be applied ONLY to another GE appliance purchase.  The check expired before I found another GE appliance that I wanted to own.I bought a replacement, which was a Panasonic model NN-SD978S microwave oven for less than $200 from Sam's Club.  It is just as large, cooks faster and has proven to be far more reliable.  After four years, it's still going strong without need for repairs.ore if I had received the service on-site instead of taking the appliance to the appliance repair depot.  After 3 12 years of use, (September 2009) the main circuit board self-destructed.  It cost me $44 at the nearest GE repair facility to learn that it would cost me more than another $200 to replace the microwave oven's circuit board.Since other brands of similar-sized and power microwave ovens cost less than the repairs, I have discarded this microwave oven after 3 12 years and after spending $129 in diagnostic and repair charges in addition to the purchase price.  Given this experience, I now be hard-pressed to recommend this appliance considering its cost-of-ownership and short life.  This appliance should have lasted much longer.  It did not get heavy use and was never misused or abused.When I contacted GE about my failed microwave oven, they promised to make things right, asked for the model and serial number and requested that I cut off the appliance's power cord and plug and send it to them.  They then sent me a $100 rebate check that could be applied ONLY to another GE appliance purchase.  The check expired before I found another GE appliance that I wanted to own.I bought a replacement, which was a Panasonic model NN-SD978S microwave oven for less than $200 from Sam's Club.  It is just as large, cooks faster and has proven to be far more reliable.  After four years, it's still going strong without need for repairs.
I am very disappointed at the poor reliability of this unit.  Ours is less than a year old and has failed--now, when attempting to cook, the unit shuts off before the end of the programmed time.  Even though the light comes on and the turntable turns, the unit does not heat food.  Like others, I purchased this unit based on the recommendation in Consumer Reports; this recommendation didn't pan out.  I tried to schedule warranty service and GE is making us wait a week to schedule and their frustrating telephone system does not provide information on where I can take it for service for faster turnaround (and didn't put me in touch with a live representative).    When the microwave oven worked, it worked fine.  We replaced a Sharp unit with this one; though this unit has the advantage of a larger capacity, its controls are less intuitive.    Based on poor reliability and poor service, we're certainly not going to buy another GE microwave.  We've had good success with GE refrigerators in the past; this is very disappointing.  A quick search on the web now reveals that GE microwave ovens are not reliable--many others appear to have similar problems with the magnetrons.    Perhaps this is one reason why GE is looking to sell its appliance business...
Started making a buzzing  arcing sound this morning.  Opened door, smelled burning electronics, unplugged for 30 minutes, tried again with nothing inside, same result.  Dead, going to recycling.  Getting a Panasonic Commercial Grade microwave instead - all residential microwaves seem to have reliability issues.
I should have listened to my wife.    I'm about to arrange to take my third Monday afternoon in a row off from work so I can be here for GE's service technician. He's repairing my microwave, which is less than 6 weeks old.     Here's what happened.    Week 1, I call the service center, describe the problem I'm having (power cuts off after a few seconds) and the rep says it's probably an inverter board, and schedules a repair call.    Week 2, The technician arrives, diagnoses the problem and says it's an inverter board. He orders the part.    Week 3,The part has arrived, the repair guy comes to install it, but it's the wrong part. He has to order the right part, I have to take a third day off from work to be available,  and we have to go another week without a microwave.    Wouldn't the RIGHT thing for GE to have done is replace the microwave? Just ship us a new one, and have us ship the old one back? Or have the repair guy make the swap?     That would be showing GE cares about their customer's time, they're concerned if they waste time because of their error, and keeping customers satisfied is its top priority. Instead, GE parrots back the warranty (we only have to repair the appliance, not replace it) and disregards what this experience has meant to its customer and his perception of their company.
Having had an Amana Radar range for the usual 25 years, I was forced to replace it when it finally failed.  (I had even dropped it on its end, my mother ran it empty, etc., and it just kept going.)  I replaced it with this unit which I used for coffee, leftovers, and maybe popcorn heat ups; nothing like the actual cooking I did with the old unit with its regular and candy temperature probes, etc.  Between 2-3 years old it just crackled and popped and limped along for a day or two with a hard reset.  Dead.  The popcorn setting never worked (other microwaves I have used elsewhere did a great job) nor was the sensing mechanism impressive.  I also didn't like you couldn't use the timer independently when it was running.  Sure, it may be the magnetron but you have to pay to diagnose then replace.  Although it is still top rated on Consumer Reports, read the users' reviews to get the true story.
Perhaps I just got a bum microwave, but everything comes out hot on the outside and cold in the middle. And there's no sensor cook like the Panasonic microwaves, so choosing the 34;frozen vegetable34; settings cooks the vegetables for 3.5 minutes at 60%, which is less than a third what it actually needs. I got this to replace a faulty Panasonic (since Panasonic customer service was TERRIBLE), but I'm going back to Panasonic.
Is a combination microwave oven worth the extra cost?  This SAMSUNG COUNTER TOP GRILL MICROWAVE certainly is.  I've used the 34;combi34; button (30% microwave power combined with a single-temperature top heating element) along with the 34;crusty plate34; and grill rack to cook bacon, hamburgers, and frozen hamburgers.  All came out tasting like grilled meats (not microwaved meats).The regular microwave features work like any standard microwave.  The interior is easy to clean.  The microwave door is a mirror that takes a little getting used to (see the attached photo).  The only thing I don't like about this appliance is that the mirrored door won't allow you to watch your food while it's cooking.This is a beautiful kitchen appliance that performs the function of both a microwave and a toaster oven.  But everything cooks with the speed of a microwave.  At 950 watts, the microwave is a little less powerful than my old 1000-watt Sears microwave, so I need to set it for slightly longer cooking and reheating times.***Cleaning Tip:  If you grill bacon, you'll get grease splatter on the roof of the microwave.  Bon Ami removes this easily, without scratching the interior.
We live out in the country where we are forced to use propane for heat - and we have a gas-powered oven - so we usually don't make pizza at home due to the cost of propane - and most pizzas are too large to fit into our toaster oven. Additionally, when it's hot outside, cooking something in the oven turns our whole house into an inferno - so we live out of the microwave. Being able to cook a frozen pizza and have it be crispy - from the microwave, is so nice. It doesn't seem to ever get to the point where it gets it as crispy as I'd like it - but I do like just about everything burned to a crisp - I'm odd that way.Because of the grill element on the top, there is not as much height clearance as we had in our previous model - but for the vast majority of things we cook, this is not an issue.The stainless steel finish is a nice modern update to our kitchen. This model has a lot of power for a compact unit.
We've had the microwave for only a few months.  The door design is similar to our last microwave that lasted only two years.  We chose this brand because they seem to make a superior product.  So far it heats well, it's easy to clean and has had no problems.
I've written quite a few product reviews in the past, but never have I seen so much debate and misinformation about what would seem to be a simple kitchen appliance! A lot of the reviews I have read here are either mistaken in their details or are trying to compare apples to oranges. Samsung (or whoever the Samsung dealer on here is) has only added to the confusion, unfortunately.First, a few points to set the record straight. The appliance is NOT covered in stainless steel. There may be a bit of it in the trim, but it seems like whoever wrote the description hasn't actually sen one in person. Most of the outside has a black, textured metal finish, which does seem to blend in quite nicely with my own black and stainless steel kitchen appliances. It may not blend in with a kitchen that is all stainless and has no black in it though.There is a bare minimum of plastic in the construction, which is limited to the trim, 34;open button34; and part of the door latch. I have not had any problem keeping either the highly polished front door clean nor the outside of the appliance. In fact, the texture of the black sheet metal on most of its outside surface actually prevents it from becoming a fingerprint magnet.Another misconception comes from the grill rack that fits inside. Some people have mentioned that it is only to be used in the grill mode, which is not true. The rack can be used in the combination grillmicrowave mode just fine and your microwave will NOT burst into flames. From the manual, page 11: 34;Grill Rack, to be placed on the turntable. The metal rack can be used in grill and combination cooking34;. It will even 34;work34; in the microwave-only setting, although it won't contribute to the cooking process at all. In fact, the main feature of this appliance is the ability to both microwave AND grill at the same time, and you can't utilize the grill to any effect without the rack in place.This brings me to the main point of my review. Those who are most critical of this appliance are simply comparing it to a microwave. This is an apples vs oranges type of logic as the addition of the grilling element really makes this an unfair comparison. Is it heavier than most stand-alone microwaves? Of course it is, because it has an entirely separate heating element, electronics and carries the additional weight of a ceramic enamel interior. This is really two appliances in one that work together seamlessly to greatly enhance the texture and heat distribution of foods such as pasta, pizza, crusts, etc. The additional heating element also makes the appliance larger than stand-alone microwaves, which is entirely understandable to me. This also explains the slightly lower wattage rating than some heavy-duty microwaves. If used with the grill though, it seems to cook items just as fast as a microwave with a higher wattage rating.Adding to the weight is a metal exterior that uses a heavier gauge of sheet metal than the vast majority of stand-alone microwaves on the market. The reason for this is pretty simple. To keep people from burning themselves when coming into contact with the appliance. Without the heavy-duty (which is necessarily heavy) inside and outside finishes the device has, it would eventually lead to someone getting accidentally burned. For those who wonder why it doesn't have more capacity or more wattage, the reasons all boil down to safety. You can only add so much shielding to keep the size (and cost) of such an appliance practical. I think that Samsung engineers did a pretty good job at balancing safety, size and materials to keep this at a reasonable cost for a device that offers so much more than a simple microwave does.In regards to cost, I have seen the price of this product fluctuate wildly over the past few weeks. At one point I believe it was $179 (shipping included). Then it went up to $230 (shipping NOT included). Today, it is down to $199.99 with free shipping. I have no idea what the MSRP of the unit actually is, but for the quality of construction it has and the features it carries, it seems like at bargain to me.For me personally, this product is just the right size for the foods I cook and offers a lot of flexibility as to how I can cook things. The polished surface makes it by far the nicest looking appliance in my kitchen, ever. It reminds me a lot of my Samsung Galaxy S4 cellphone, actually. All in all, I couldn't be happier with my purchase and I would recommend it to anyone. If you have no interest in the grilling feature you probably wouldn't want to buy this though, because it is definitely more expensive than a stand-alone microwave. If you are only going to use it for microwaving it is overkill. I'd never go back to a regular microwave after having used this though. I am too spoiled with this product's cooking ability at this point. In any event, I think that it deserves more praise than it seems to be getting here. Try it for yourself and I would bet that you won't be disappointed.n to $199.99 with free shipping. I have no idea what the MSRP of the unit actually is, but for the quality of construction it has and the features it carries, it seems like at bargain to me.For me personally, this product is just the right size for the foods I cook and offers a lot of flexibility as to how I can cook things. The polished surface makes it by far the nicest looking appliance in my kitchen, ever. It reminds me a lot of my Samsung Galaxy S4 cellphone, actually. All in all, I couldn't be happier with my purchase and I would recommend it to anyone. If you have no interest in the grilling feature you probably wouldn't want to buy this though, because it is definitely more expensive than a stand-alone microwave. If you are only going to use it for microwaving it is overkill. I'd never go back to a regular microwave after having used this though. I am too spoiled with this product's cooking ability at this point. In any event, I think that it deserves more praise than it seems to be getting here. Try it for yourself and I would bet that you won't be disappointed.
This is a powerful and great looking counter top microwave. It's replaced my old 1000 watt sanyo. It has some features you don't find on many microwaves including a power saving mode (which turns off the LED clock), a grilling element on the top, and ceramic plate. In theory you could cook a pizza, heat up some bacon all while retaining the crispiness. I'd probably heat up frozen egg rolls before i do the any of the prior though. The grilling feature is gimmicky to me. First you lose height for reheating taller items. And I'm not one for having an issue using the oven for a frozen pizza or a pan for your bacon. Maybe even a toaster oven if you wanna reheat those chicken mcnuggets. There's also one more minor issue. The rotating glass plate is raised a bit too high around the edges than i'm used to. So make sure you lift your item high enough to clear the glass plate when taking anything out.
The first thing you should know about this microwave is that it is big,so make sure you have adequate counter space to accommodate it. I only use it for simple things like heating things up quicky. For this it works well. I haven't yet tried its grilling feature.
Samsung Countertop Microwave, 1.1 Cubic Feet, Stainless Steel is a must buy for people who enjoy cooking meals in their microwaves instead of just zapping snacks and melting cheese.  The counter top microwave is larger than most models and this one can cook main course meals and side dishes for you and your family.  A medium sized pizza can be cooked inside it's designed to 34;crisp34; instead of being kind of on the soft side like other microwaves.  Just press the easy-to-use preset buttons for all of your cooking needs and if you want to 34;grill34; your food with the grill layer that works similar to the one found in a convection oven but don't expect the same results.Overall, I have to recommend this microwave for those who prefer to cook their meals the fast and easy way instead of using a cumbersome stove or for apartment dwellers.  You can't go wrong with a Samsung Countertop Microwave, 1.1 Cubic Feet, Stainless Steel, especially if the price is right.
After two brand-new microwaves which became prematurely aged, paint peeling, dysfunctional I decided this must be a game that I had not grokked. When we looked for a microwave we did not look on the basis of price, being believers, you get what you pay for. This machine, and it is a machine made by man work flawslessly, and has a baked enamel, one piece interior which looks like it will outlast all the microwaves in my future. I will watch and report..two months and counting...
[[VIDEOID:567df035967d824cead7d2509901668b]] The unit went out after the initial warranty had expired. The unit was listed as having a 10 year warranty on the Magnetron. The Magnetron (the main engine of the microwave). I jumped thru hopes for weeks (including taking videos of the product shooting flaming sparks) with Samsung warranty service only to be told that they do not have a service agreement near Arkansas. Another week passed and I spoke with them one the phone and they we finally agreed on a partial refund and they sent me an email confirming the amount. I said fine and went and bought another microwave. They never sent the refund and I called a week later and they said that I had to provide them parts from the original microwave???.......easily done if they had told me this before.!!  They never said a word about it either on the phone or email.This unit should last longer than it did. I feel stupid that I have bought a kitchen full of Samsung appliances. Now ifwhen these break I will have to deal with the same deceptive people and lack of support again.....Steer clear !!
My husband has been using this for the past month in his high school classroom, and his students have been using it every day to warm things up.  It's already been getting a lot of use, and is holding up great so far. Of course, I know it hasn't been used that long, so I'll be sure to update my review as they use it more.The nicest features of this are:* It's a microwave that also grills and crisps food -- so it really functions more like an oven than a microwave.  It comes with a grill rack, and you can cook meat on it.  When you use the grill function, you can put metal into the microwave . . . but just be careful that you take out the metal once you use it as a microwave proper. The gill function works fine, but doesn't make your food quite as crispy and nice as a regular toaster oven does.*  The crispy plate is also perfect for doing pizzas, and the students who have been using it to cook frozen pizzas have said that they are evenly cooked.* The 1,000 watts make this pretty powerful.  It's good at evenly cooking food, and doesn't leave those cold places in frozen dinners like cheaper microwaves do.*  There are ten power levels and a plus 30 seconds button, so you can easily add more time to your cooking time.* A standard variety of pre-set buttons make this good for doing basics such as popcorn, veggies, and potatoes.* The exterior has a scratch-resistant coating, and the stainless steel facing doesn't pick up smudges and fingerprints like stainless steel often does.The measurements on the 1.1 cubic foot microwave are: 11-1116 H by 20-38 W by 15-1316 D in inches.Overall, this is a really nice microwave.  As I mentioned at the start of my review, I will update this as my husband and his students use this more, but, so far, they've really liked it and it's held up well to constant use.
I've only had it for around 2 months and it's starting to automatically come on when I close the door. The stop button doesn't turn it off. I have to open it and close the door until it shuts off or it automatically turns off.
The Samsung Counter Top Grill Microwave contains a lot of features including a softenmelt setting and a grill capability but is probably too large for most countertops, an obvious drawback considering what it is advertised to be for. However, after using this microwave I can say that it works well and, while some its components are plastic, it seems pretty well constructed to me. The grilling feature, (the microwave includes a grill and a setting for accomplishing grilling and the softenmelt feature are nice. I tried the softenmelt feature, for example, and it worked fine. I also think this microwave is attractive so that is not a problem. The only real problem I can see with this microwave is that it is just too large for most countertops. If this is not a problem for you then I recommend this microwave, otherwise, I recommend looking for a smaller microwave.
Looks good, only worked a week. First - timer would work but no heating occurred, next dy everything looked like it was good ( lit up, revolving, timer working) but food temp was not changing. Cancelled replacement and have NOT been refunded.
Great basic little microwave.  It is small, but it has all the basic functions you need.  It heats things very thoroughly and quickly.  Surprised at how much hotter it is than my bigger GE.
I was a bit concerned after reading some of the ratings, but I took the plunge -- and I'm glad I did.  It does everything as good or better than advertised.  As with most products, the manual could stand some extra effort (simplification), so those who don't read it do so at their own peril.  Both my wife and I are pleased with this product and hope it lasts as long as my original Samsung (11 years).
I've had the microwave for 2-months. It used to open easily. It no longer opens when you push the button, you have to manually pull the door open. definitely a disappointment. I hope I can return it!
Overall, like it and would recommend. One issue is that, of late, the door requires several pushes to open. I've cleaned the area, can not see an obvious issue but am concerned that it may worsen. So far that is the only negative I've experienced. I'm contacting Samsung directly on this one.
the microwave turntable and light would come by itself and sometimes when you closed the door.  At first we were able to cook with the microwave but eventually it got to where I couldn't get it to cook no matter what we tried such as unplugging it and it would sit there rotating but not heating.  So sadly we had to send it back.  I only got to use the grill feature once and it was fun.
Before this microwave found its place on my counter this week, I hadn't known how much I would love it!  It heats food quickly, is easy to use (once you review the manual), and can serve the same functions a microwave and toaster oven do.What makes this microwave different...+ It has many possibilities.+ Pizza is crispy on the bottom (when reheated) even on the microwave setting!+ It can be simple, or you can dive into all the stuff it can do!+ The size is comparable to our old 1.1 cu ft microwave, yet it can do more.+ The colors are awesome!  The stainless is only on the front (which makes for less to clean) and the gray top and sides are not stainless---so they will keep cleaner.+ The dials and quick microwave settings are smart.  To reheat something for 30 seconds, just press the button on the bottom right (once for 30 seconds, twice for a minute, etc.).  Or, press the microwave button, turn the dial to the time you'd like (backwards or forwards) and then press the start button.+ The clock setting is easy to set.+ The convection oven works for settings up to 400 degrees.  Preheat the oven first, and then select the convection oven.  You'll need to read the directions in the manual first, but then it's easy to navigate from there on out.+ The oven includes a crispy plate, two wire racks (that worked great on the convection setting), a glass plate and ring.  I baked some cheese onto the plate while using the convection setting and it cleaned up super easy.What may concern you...-  The microwave does need to be on a sufficiently powered circuit (not on a power cord).  It does not have a long cord, so you need to be able to place it right in front of the outlet you are going to use or close to it.-  Don't use plastic plates that are not microwave safe.  One review for this microwave was mistaken--they said you couldn't use plastic in it.  Not true.  You just have to use microwave safe materials.  There's a thorough and easy to reference list in the manual (which is located inside the microwave oven when you unpack it).- The oven does have a heating element on the top because it is a convection oven, so you will want to make sure you have a microwave safe plastic cover that you can use when you are microwaving.  Otherwise, it's going to be a pain to clean it up.Other matters to address...It's always interesting to read other people's reviews.  One reviewer didn't like the manual, because a cookbook wasn't included.  Honestly, I've gotten so many cookbooks over the years with appliances and I've never used them.  The manual for this oven seems small, but it is packed with all the essential information you'll need to use it--and more.  No recipes, but all the guidelines for cooking vegetables, reheating foods, etc.  I don't cook in my microwave oven normally.  I did bake spinach artichoke dip in this oven, though, on 375 degrees for 30 minutes and it came out perfectly!Another reviewer lamented the lack of a timer on this microwave oven.  That's not true actually.  If you use the microwave function, the time counts down normally.  If you use the convection setting, you have to select how long you want the oven to cook for and then it will turn off automatically when it is done.  If you find you need a few extra minutes, it's very easy to turn it right back on.  To use the convection oven, you do need to preheat the oven first, but that's not a problem.  One feature that was awesome was that when I took my dish out of the oven to stir it, the oven did not start cooking again until I pressed the start button (so the time didn't keep going either).  Most people I know use the timers on their ovens or use a stand alone timer that they can take with them into another room if needed or move to where they will hear it when it goes off.All in all, I'm very pleased with this microwave.  It covers the basics and beyond very well!  I don't expect it to do everything--grill, slimfry, microwave, convection.  But, the fact that it microwaves and bakes so well is enough for me!  Many appliances claim to do too much and we expect one appliance to do it all.  I prefer to do grilled cheese on the stove and frying on the stove, so I don't want to do them in this oven and risk having to clean up a mess.  I'm extremely happy with what I've used it for so far.ics and beyond very well!  I don't expect it to do everything--grill, slimfry, microwave, convection.  But, the fact that it microwaves and bakes so well is enough for me!  Many appliances claim to do too much and we expect one appliance to do it all.  I prefer to do grilled cheese on the stove and frying on the stove, so I don't want to do them in this oven and risk having to clean up a mess.  I'm extremely happy with what I've used it for so far.
I picked this unit up primarily for the Convection Oven function but have come to really appreciate its versatility. That said, the unit is not without issues.The short story is: the microwave function works perfectly and is perhaps a bit more powerful than my built in unit. The grill function is great - provided you use the pan that comes with the unit. The convection function is wonderful but never and I mean never use parchment paper in the unit. (FIRE!) The preheat function is problematic and 7 time out of 10 will cause your unit to stop working for at least 15 minute after it shuts off, especially if you interrupt it when it is the 10 minute post preheat time frame to try to use the convection oven setting. The unit is very sharp looking and feels solidly built. The two racks and accompanying pan are also reasonably well made.Now for those who are interested, the long story:Microwave:Works just great, seemed to have more power than my built in unit so I did a boil water test and found it got the water percolating about 30 seconds faster than my primary unit. The kids and I have learned to dial the time back when we use this unit.Grill:Love this feature, I made the following - Grilled Cheese (upper rack and pan - 7 minutes with flip at half way point) turned out beautifully. Open face bagel with cheese (upper rack and pan - 5 minutes) grilled to perfection.Convection Oven:I had pretty good but not perfect results here: Baked Russet Potatoes (medium) were only partially cooked after 30 minutes when cooked at the maximum 400 degree setting, my convection oven cooks them much more completely in the same amount of time at the same setting. Sweet Potato Fries were kind of a disappointment as well, they just did not crisp up like they do in my standard convection oven. Chicken Breasts and battered shrimp cooked in here were done more to my satisfaction but I did note that Ineeded to keep the temp up about 25 degrees hotter than my standard oven to get the same result. French bread pizzas were a complete disaster when cooked on parchment paper - the paper caught fire. I checked the manual about using parchment paper - I use it all the time in my standard oven for all sorts of baking - and there was no warning about using it - but I can tell you it is a big no-no.Preheat Function:Well, this function is pretty worthless on my unit. I have successfully been able to use it and then cook exactly 2 times out of 10 in the 2 weeks I have had the unit. The first time we used this function the house smelled like it was on fire, the unit quit working and we thought it had burned up. The next time we used it, it cycled through the preheat and then the 10 minute after preheat time period and then shut down. (It completely turns off, including the time display and will not work at all.) The next time I let it cycle through (both the preheat and 10 minute cycle), the unit remained functional and I was able to convection bake afterwards. Then the hubby ran the preheat and interrupted the 10 minute after preheat cycle to attempt to convection cook - the unit shut down again. As I said, we have tried this 10 different times and never been able to use the convection function directly after the preheating is done. Even waiting after the 10 minute period of time is dicey, sometimes the unit remains functional, sometimes it shuts down. The hubby is frankly worried about this and so we never leave the kitchen when the unit is in use.Slim Fry:We have not tried this function yet but I will update when we do, perhaps this is the answer to my issues with oven fries!Overall, this is a better multifunction machine than I thought it would be. I was highly skeptical of the convection oven side of the equation as my prior experiences with these sort of units (toaster ovenconvection oven) have lead me to conclude that they are okay at best. The oven on this unit really does a decent job with some finagling on the temperature side. (Ignore the standard advise to lower by 25 degrees vs. regular oven on this unit and you should be fine.)  For the price the unit seems a solid investment, my only reservation being the preheat function which I think I will just chose to not use going forward.Recommended with above reservations.
To address the leading question:Yes, metal racks. That work, during the use of the microwave function. And the universe does not condense into a singularity and explode. What else from my childhood has changed? Do you no longer have to turn the dial on a phone to make a call? Drop a dime in the slot to call someone from a payphone?Anyway: yes, there are metal racks for the microwave and the other function. Follow the instructions.Here's the skinny:This is more than just a microwave. You can see in the description all of the functions--and they all work pretty close to as they are described.That's the first real issue with the 34;Smart Oven,34; as the box labels it: the descriptions on the webpage here? They're almost as complete as the instruction manual. There's a bit more, but overall I would have liked a bit more in terms of device ideas and how to utilize it. Especially with the conceptscooking types involved. I think the Slim-Fry concept is great, but I'd like to understand how it's working better so that I can do more than chicken wings and fries.You will also note several comments on the lack of timer. It's true: no 34;non-cooking timer.34;In exchange, though, you can actually generate a crispy crust on that microwave pizza.The drop-down door is nice, but keep it in mind as you handle placement. On a countertop, it drops down flush but this does require that the oven is a little taller than my previous microwave.Functionally, I'd like a better option when using the grill or Slim-Fry settings than letting the greasefood drippings to just drop down onto the turntable. Especially because that thing gets wicked hot (as is reasonable) so you have to wait a while to pull it and clean it.But the functions work well, so that's the main thing.In all...great oven. Not perfect, but I've never met a perfect microwave.
I__ always leery of appliances that blend several functions or operations into one device. My past experience has been that it is better to get one appliance that does one thing well than to get one appliance that does three things mediocre. But one thing I can say after running this Samsung multi-function baking, broiling, microwave, convection oven through its paces, is that it really does everything very, very well. Because the interface is not intuitive (more on this in a moment), you will have to spend some time with the manual to figure out how to cook things the correct way or the way you want to. You will also have to extrapolate a little bit, because Samsung does not cover every possible foodstuff and every possible cook method. Still, by keeping the manual handy, I didn't have any problem making delicious food in any of the modes that I tried (everything except broiling _ which looks like it would be quite messy).I started simple, with the microwave. While every microwave that I have touched in the past twenty years was literally self-explanatory, just choose a setting or power level and cook time, this Samsung oven requires you to select the type of food, the weight, what you are trying to accomplish (heat, defrost, etc.) and it calculates everything for you and runs it. Now, this sounds like a lot of tedious work, and in fact it is. But the first thing I defrosted was frozen Japanese sticky rice. In a regular microwave, I usually just put it in at high level for a minute, stir it up, and I end up with a sometimes mushy, sometimes not, sometimes cold, or cool, or hot, sometimes perfect, sometimes inedible bowl of rice. Using the bread setting on the Samsung, I put the rice in, pushed the buttons and turned the knobs according to the instructions, and I ended up with perfectly defrosted, not hot, not cold, not a grain neglected bowl of rice. It was, in a word, amazing: defrosted without even getting hot. Wow. The microwave continued to impress in this fashion: popping popcorn, defrosting frozen berries, warming cold bread, all to perfection.For baking or actual heating, again, following the instructions of the manual, I made a number of excellent dishes. What I failed to notice, however, was that the cook times for everything I made were predetermined by the oven. That is to say, before starting I never knew how long anything would take and in fact, until you push the start button, the oven never indicates the cook time you are in for. Because these were main dishes and the length of time was not egregious, this didn't matter for the most part, until I tried the slim fry function.Now, I have experience with these so called __il-less_ fryers, which is essentially what the Samsung oven turns itself into in the slim fry mode. So, I prepped my potatoes and waited for my wife to come home before starting on the main dish prep, but before I did that, I started on the potatoes. The first step was to fast preheat the oven to 400 degrees, and it has a dedicated mode for accomplishing this. I turned it on and set to work on my other dishes. Eight minutes later, I was ready to go, but the oven was still fast (?) preheating. I cut to the chase, put in my potatoes on the crisper tray, set it on the small rack that came with the oven (is there a reason why the tray does not sit in a fixed position on its sister rack?), selected my quantity and hit start. The timer promptly displayed a cook time of 32 minutes. Wait, 32 minutes? I could drive to McDonald__, order fries, sit in the parking lot and eat them, go back in and get another order of fries and take them home to serve with dinner and I__ still have 5 or 10 minutes before my slim fries were ready with the Samsung. We had a fry-less dinner, and slim fries (admittedly, delicious, crispy and light fries) for dessert.I don__ know a serious chef who doesn't work within given time constraints. It__ part of the task after all. (There are even television shows on which cook time determines the success or failure of the celebrity chefs competing on the shows.) So if you ask me, how, exactly, is a chef supposed to get the most out of this Samsung, I have to answer honestly, I have no clue. Not knowing the cook time up front is a serious handicap. I suppose if you used it enough for a wide range of foods under an extensive range of conditions, and kept notes along the way, you could develop an accurate chart of cook times that would allow you to get the most from this oven. But as it is, I think this is a nice microwave with a lot of great features that is hard to use for much of anything else. Samsung has some good ideas and a great microwave, but with the quirky implements, required-reading manual and the __e__l let you know when it will be done when we__e ready to let you know_ feature, it is impossible to rate this any higher than three stars.e even television shows on which cook time determines the success or failure of the celebrity chefs competing on the shows.) So if you ask me, how, exactly, is a chef supposed to get the most out of this Samsung, I have to answer honestly, I have no clue. Not knowing the cook time up front is a serious handicap. I suppose if you used it enough for a wide range of foods under an extensive range of conditions, and kept notes along the way, you could develop an accurate chart of cook times that would allow you to get the most from this oven. But as it is, I think this is a nice microwave with a lot of great features that is hard to use for much of anything else. Samsung has some good ideas and a great microwave, but with the quirky implements, required-reading manual and the __e__l let you know when it will be done when we__e ready to let you know_ feature, it is impossible to rate this any higher than three stars.
Setting it up it is the only issue.  It is very specifically for counter-top use only and it has an EXTREMELY short cord.  The cord doesn't even reach to the far side of the microwave.  Expect to need an extension cord.  The unit is a tiny bit smaller than average, but not much.  It has a pull down door that doesn't lay flush when opened, which may be a problem for larger dishes, but I've yet to encounter an issue.  There is an internal light that turns on when the unit is operating and when the door is open.  It runs a lot quieter than any microwave I've ever seen, and does so in all four modes (microwave, convection oven, air fryer, and toaster ovengrill).  There is no timer, which I found odd, but I've been using the phone for that for so long, I barely notice.The settings make it super easy to use.  You can auto-reheat a dinner plate or a casserole with a single feature.  There is a convenient popcorn button.  I've heard stories of a friend without that feature trying to pop up a bag of microwave popcorn.  Six people.  One microwave.  No viable popcorn.  No such problem here.  One button and let it pop.There are also auto-cook features for pasta, beverage, chicken breast, frozen breakfast, and frozen dinner.  What? No frozen lunch?The air fry (or slim fry, however you want to call it) feature worked well for me, though I only tried homemade french fries.  It only works for this list of pre-programmed items:Frozen oven chips (aka french fries)Frozen breaded prawnsFrozen chicken nuggetsFrozen potato croquettesFrozen onion ringsChicken wingsHomemade french fries (there is a recipe in the guide and it's good to read it first if you've never air fried these before)Potato wedgesDrumsticksFor using it as a toaster oven, or grill (it seems like they use the terms interchangeably) you put the thing you want to toastgrill on the high rack (included, as is the lower rack) and select grill.  For medium dark toast, I go three minutes on each side.  It comes it shockingly good, same as from any toaster.  I had low expectations for that one, but it worked really well.Overall, it does everything it says it does, and it does it very well.
I want to love this microwave combo oven... but the lack of instructions on how to use it is very frustrating. Thinking about trading it for the Cuisinart CMW-200 because it appears to have the same functions and comes with a booklet of detailed instructions.
The Grill doesn't toast as well as a dedicated toaster oven, but the Microwave is fast and easy to use.  The fast preheat and the convection oven cook accurately and are perfect for smaller households.  I haven't used the air fry yet.
This is a very versatile microwave. The basic functions of a microwave - heating, reheating, defrosting - all are performed excellently. But this unit does so much more - it comes with stacking parts that allow you to heat or reheat two plates simultaneously, which is extremely convenient. Best of all, it is a convection microwave, so you can pretty much do everything you would need with this microwave - bake a cake, broil, etc. You can cook fried items in a manner that limits oiliness. I like the pull down door, rather than the open out variety - that function saves space, actually. Decently sized - a little smaller than my previous microwave, but as much size as you could need. Stainless steel is great - matches the rest of my kitchen - and its a high-ended looking device. Very solid, well built, good value for money and does everything it promises.
I am really upset. I just got a MC11H6033 1.1 cu.ft Counter Top Convection Microwave wSLIM FRY as a gift. I contacted the chat support as I had a few questions, all of which were answered with, No, but only after I was basically told Yes to all three questions and then dared to question the Yes.I asked if there was a timer function, told yes, then told no after I asked the rep to tell me where it was located, and how to set and use it. Who makes a microwave in 2014 that doesn't have a timer?I asked if there was a more extensive food prep guiderecipe book available to use with the unit because the Microwave Oven Owner's Instructions  Cooking Guide literally only lists 1 food item per function. There's 1000s of foods that could be made using things like the Slim Fry function, but no way to know which of the 1-9 settings to use because there's only 9 food items listed in the Microwave Oven Owner's Instructions  Cooking Guide under the Slim Fry entry. There is apparently no app with this information available either. Neither is there a formula for figuring out how to Slim Fry additional foods other than those listed in the Microwave Oven Owner's Instructions  Cooking Guide. This problem persists throughout the Microwave Oven Owner's Instructions  Cooking Guide in that every function other than straight microwave or straight convection cooking does not give enough information to be able to choose the correct function and setting for foods other than those listed. I only found this information out after asking which setting to use to cook Pre-breaded Fried Okra. I was answered, You can use the slim fry option 2 for Pre-breaded frozen Fried Okra. I asked, How and where did you find that information? He replied, I have gathered the information from our internal database. I stated, I don't exactly have access to your internal database, now do I? So, no additional cooking info publicly available. I guess if I want to try to Slim Fry frozen cheese sticks, I'll need to contact Customer Service and ask which setting to use because apparently, in the world of frozen food, Pre-breaded frozen Fried Okra is equal to that of Frozen Prawns [shrimp], Breaded. That's the example food for Slim Fry option 2 as per the Microwave Oven Owner's Instructions  Cooking Guide.I asked if there were sheet pans, cookware, or bakeware available to be purchased from Samsung, or elsewhere, that were known to fit in the unit; specifically sheet pans. Standard size 14 (quarter) sheet pans won't fit because the 9.5 x 13 size is determined by the usable flat surface area and not the outside of the pan itself. No standard 9.5 x 13 sheet pan is 9.5 x 13 on the outside dimensions that I am aware of. SO, where would I get pans that fit? Apparently Customer Service, nor Parts, has a clue. Who makes the inside of an appliance, capable of being a convection oven, too small for standard size bakeware? Toaster ovens don't count - but they do at least have after-market sheet pans available out there that fit in them. If I'd wanted to make cookies on pans that small, I'd have expressed interest in a convection toaster oven to make 6 cookies at a time, not a convection microwave oven. It should also be noted the Microwave Oven Owner's Instructions  Cooking Guide makes a big deal out of you Choosing the Proper Cookware. This is covered from pg 22 to pg 25.I was told by Customer Service, initially, that what I was looking for was available, and to contact Parts about those last two questions. I did. I checked online and I called. The girl who answered actually hung up on me after I insisted that Customer Service had referred me and that indeed those parts should be available. After she ended our conversation abruptly, I brought the absence of those parts to the attention of the Customer Service rep I was chatting with.Other than the above, the straight microwave function and straight convection function work well. The drop-down oven style door is a really nice feature. The blue display lighting is pretty.How does a company make a product without giving the consumer, or providing to the consumer at an additional charge, adequate instruction or equipment to use their product? I just don't understand how someone puts out a product with 1000 uses and only reveals 20 of them. Obviously people like me don't test them out or question the developers or designers or engineers before putting a product on the market without adequate instruction or equipment to use their product.Obviously, my logic is lost on Samsung - or it's too complex a logic for someone who works there to have figured out. In any case, with a hefty $249 on sale to $399 full retail price tag; the MC11H6033 1.1 cu.ft Counter Top Convection Microwave with SLIM FRY is definitely not worth the money since you can't use it to it's full potential.Review Update:So, as of Christmas Day, I still hadn't found a commercially available sheet pan that actually fit inside the unit. My mother gave me an old broiler pan that she had for a long gone oversized convection toaster oven.I was using just the convection oven feature on the unit for the first time (I'd only used the Slim Fry feature to that point) to cook a dish for Christmas dinner; all of a sudden it just stopped working. The unit head cut off and there was no display visible. I thought maybe I'd tripped the breaker. I unplugged the unit and checked; I had not tripped the breaker, but I turned it off and back on just to be sure. I plug the unit back in and nothing. I've been found something else to plug into that outlet so that I can make sure the outlet was in fact functioning correctly. It was. I then pulled out the owners manual and proceeded to the troubleshooting section. It recommended unplugging the unit for three seconds and plugging it back in. I unplugged it, and left it unplugged for a solid five minutes. I plugged it back in and still nothing.For a unit this expensive to conk out while using one of the features for the first time, definitely says nothing good about the unit. For the unit to conk out while making Christmas dinner; that was just a headache I didn't need that day. I would dub this a completely unreliable unit.I regret that I never did have the chance to try french fries using the Slim Fry option.
This was bought as an emergency replacement for a wonderful Sharp combo oven.  The convection circulating fan had failed, and there was no time to have it repaired.  The fan motor simply needed to be replaced.  The microwave function still worked perfectly, but I needed the convection oven for holiday baking.  It was just before Thanksgiving and I couldn't find a replacement of the the Sharp locally, and no time for an on-line order.I found this Samsung locally, and it looked like it would fill the bill.  It did save me from holiday disaster, but I've been far from pleased with it.  You have to memorize ridiculous sequences of the controls that offer you only numbers as feedback so the manual near at hand is essential.  It will only accept two entries for sequence cooking; I used three much of the time in the Sharp for extraordinary results cooking rice and polenta.  Now I have to enter the first two stages, then the third after the first two are finished.The temperature of the convection mode is incredibly erratic; I set 200 degrees and when I checked the oven temperature during cooking it was at 350.  Today I set it at 400 (the maximum) and it never got above 350.  I think the control circuit board is failing because I looked at the clock when it was 6:12 and the oven clock read 10:something.  I reset the clock, then looked at it this evening at around 8:30 and it read 1:something.The only good thing about the appliance is that the beeper can be shut off.  (I hate those electronic beeps.)  As far as I'm concerned Samsung should stick to making phones and not try to produce products they don't have enough concern about to do well.  I will avoid the brand for appliances.
THIS GIVES OFF A TREMENDOUS AMOUNT OF HEAT ON THE LEFT SIDE AND THE BACK.  Simply touching the left side casually after it completed a fast heat cycle left a burn on my forearm.  I then felt around the unit without touching and found the right side cool the top reasonably so and the back burning with heat.  Since this is a countertop unit and the side will be exposed in most applications my experience is that this unit is dangerous!  Especially if you have children.  I am returning it immediately.
I wanted a product that was a microwave and toaster, and this claimed to be in the description.  It does not toast!  The manual is awful, very little and very confusing instructions.
Buy anything else, just don't buy this piece of junk.  Multiple electrical problems, a door lock that failed, poor performance and lousy customer service all at a premium price.  You can buy better but you probably can't pay more.
Everything is great!!! Just a warning!!!! Double check the template used for the upper cabinet. Actually check it against the unit. In my case I replaced an older Maytag, so I had two existing holes in my cabinet. Then added two more because of the template only to fine that they do not line up!!!!!! I superimposed the template over the unit and sure enough the holes did not line up!!! So I did not make a mistake!!!! The Template was off. No real big deal but now I have six holes.Double check the holes!!! Unit is great!! Previous unit did not vent out of the house. This one I installed a vent to the outside through the back and it has a really powerful motor. This Microwave gives you three options,Vent back,vent from the top or recirculate. I do not reccomend recirculating!!!! If you can vent this unit or any unit always vent!!!! I had some major issues venting this unit because of structural issues, like wires that I had to reroute etc but I knew that when it was over I would be smiling and I am!!!! For the price this unit works as good as any for much more money and the VENT is the Greatest!!!!!
One of the pieces that ensures the screws from the top of the cabinet holds the microwave in place was missing, so we cannot install it until Samsung rectifies the matter.  Seems crazy to send it back though since it's just missing a 50 cent bolt that can't be replaced at the hardware store.....
I purchased this model in stainless steel three years ago. Problems I found with it were mostly concerning the sensor cooking being completely inaccurate. Some items cooked or were warmed too little and some were much too hot. It was easier to simply time it myself.    But the straw that broke the camel's back for me on this unit was how long it lasted. It simply quit heating last week after being 35 months old. Everything else works but nothing gets warmed or cooked, leading me to believe the magnetron went bad. The microwave comes with a one year parts and labor warranty and a ten year parts only warranty on the magnetron. In speaking to an authorized repair center for Samsung, I was told I would pay a $99 trip charge to determine what is wrong, and if it is the magnetron, an order would be placed with Samsung for the part which will take three to six weeks to arrive and then I would have to pay another trip charge and labor to R  R the magnetron. Bottom line - even with the magnetron warranty, it will cost me more than I paid for the microwave to repair it.    I have had several microwaves since 1978 when they became popular. I have never had one that lasted less than 10 years. When this one went bad last week, I pulled out a countertop model Sharp Carousel that I bought 15 years ago and am using it, still working perfectly. I went to Lowe's where I purchased the unit and told the salesman that I went all Samsung three years ago while remodeling my kitchen and am now worried about the other units, particularly the refrigerator because it is making noise that it shouldn't. He told me that he has had more complaints about Samsung microwaves than any other brand and any other kind of appliance, and the only kind of appliance that Samsung has not had numerous complaints on is their ranges.    I have had serious issues with Samsung's customer service in the past due to owning many of their electronics. If you read any reviews about their service after the sale, you will find it is virtually nonexistent. But I wrote an email to Samsung letting them know that in my opinion, a microwave should last longer than three years and am very disappointed with the product. Naturally, I have not received a response of any kind.    I strongly suggest anyone considering buying a Samsung microwave to look elsewhere. They are not built to last and getting service after the sale from them is impossible.
I bought this microwave a little over 2 years ago, and it was just okay. I really didn't like the way it functioned compared to previous microwaves I have owned. but it looked good, and worked fine; UNTIL YESTERDAY.Out of nowhere, it just went up in flames, it wasn't even in use at the time.The only one in the house was my 72 yr. old mother-in-law, she said she noticed earlier that morning, the display on the microwave was off and she was unable to use it (as if it was unplugged). A while later, the house filled with smoke. Smoke and  flames were shooting out of the top vent of the microwave. She said there was so much smoke she could not even see in the kitchen.  She called 911, the fire dept was dispatched, and she exited our home. By the time they arrived the fire had burned out on its own, and the damage was contained to the internals of the microwave. The fire crew removed the microwave from my home, and inspected the home to insure that the microwave was indeed the cause of the fire. Thankfully there was no damage to our home other than the microwave itself, and a strong odor of smoke and burnt plastic (I'm sure it will take weeks to get rid of the smell).I contacted Samsung, to report what happened and am awaiting a response from the Executive Customer Relations dept. do to the nature of the incident.I'm not really sure what I want from them, more than anything to create awareness. Maybe they will issue a recall, based on this and all of the negative reviews I have read here on Amazon. I would encourage others having problems with this model to report it to Samsung. It may not do you much good, but who knows, you could save a life or something.UPDATE 01312014:Samsung Executive Customer Relations department contacted me on 01202014 (MLK Holiday), by telephone (cell phone). I was asked to provide the microwave serial number but did not have it with me, so we agreed that I would provide it via email. A short time later I received an email asking to provide the serial number as Samsung would like to locate a service center to diagnose the unit.  I responded later that day with the serial number.On 01212014 I received a response which stated, based on the serial number provided, the microwave is out of warranty, but due to the nature of the problem Samsung will cover the cost of diagnostics, and a service center will contacting me.On 01222014 I received a call from the service center informing me they received the service order from Samsung, but it states the microwave is out of warranty so I will be responsible for the payment, I asked them to double check with Samsung, but they said I would have to contact them. I sent an email explaining what the service center said, and a few hours later Samsung responded with a One time Accommodation for the labor which I assume was also sent to the service center.A few days later the service center contacted me again, explaining they received the accommodation from Samsung, and asked if I could deliver the microwave to them, which I agreed (they were only about 1 mile from my home).On 012914 the service center contacted me to explain that several parts in the microwave short circuited, and required replacement.  They explained that the accommodation was for diagnostic labor only, and any further repair would be my responsibility.  They asked for direction; explaining that the parts required are expensive, and the repair would most likely exceed the cost of replacement.I sent another email to Samsung explaining the call from the service center.  I explained that I made it a point to buy appliances from well know major brands such as Samsung with the expectation of higher quality and long life.  I asked that given the fact the unit failed due to a short circuit, after such a short life, under normal residential use, that they consider replacing the microwave at no cost, despite the fact the warranty period had ended.  Not to mention it almost burned my house down.It has been over 48 hours sense the email was sent and I have not received a response from Samsung. I have instructed the service center to recycle the microwave if they do not hear otherwise from me (or Samsung) by Monday (today is Friday).If I get a response from Samsung, I will update the review.he microwave at no cost, despite the fact the warranty period had ended.  Not to mention it almost burned my house down.It has been over 48 hours sense the email was sent and I have not received a response from Samsung. I have instructed the service center to recycle the microwave if they do not hear otherwise from me (or Samsung) by Monday (today is Friday).If I get a response from Samsung, I will update the review.
Bought this microwave in June 2012 for a kitchen remodel. Its barley 5 months old and although I have not experienced the dreaded 5E error, the unit has already started acting funny. The last few days the unit will loose the time and display please set time. This AM while making oat meal for my daughter, I opened the unit and it was dead. No light like it was unplugged. Closed and the display listed all 0's across. Opened door again no light. After a few times the light went on and unit was operational. Subsequently  I did do the stopenter key diagnostic test and all it showed me was 1816s (model) and 110512A, which I assume means 1105watts 12amps? I hope this is not a precursor to the 5E error? Thinking the seller acquired refurbished units from another party (i.e.Samsung, Lowes?) and has been pawning them off as new here. I am going to check to see if my appliance repair plan that I pay for from my utility company will covers microwaves, if not new unit for me.
Evidently this is a common problem with Samsung microwaves: the keypad shorted out after less than two years of use, resulting in the microwave, stove light, and exhaust fan becoming inoperable.  The cost of repair- for labor only- would have been $150 for an item that originally cost $220.  After several calls to Samsung's Executive Customer Relations department, I was curtly informed that Samsung is unwilling to take ANY action to remedy this situation.  My only option at this point is to replace the microwave - NOT with a Samsung product- as I have no way of running the exhaust fan in my newly-remodeled kitchen. And even worse, due to some new environmental law, I will have to PAY to dispose of this worthless piece of junk.Samsung does not stand behind the products they sell. Samsung has atrocious customer service.  Across the board their products get poor reviews, yet they are unwilling to take any action to correct the problem and maintain good customer relations. They appear to operate under the assumption that  for every dissatisfied customer, there are thousands more willing to buy their shoddy crap. This attitude is unacceptable, especially in these tough economic times. I will NEVER buy ANY Samsung product, EVER!  Save yourself the aggravation:  DO NOT BUY!
This microwave SUCKS and so does the seller!!!! I purchased this microwave in April because I was remodeling my kitchen and was upgrading to this better quality stainless steel over the range microwave.  Well how I said I purchased it in April, but didn't install it until the beginning of August.  The delivery was fast, but when I reccieved it, two of the back corners were dented, but I decided to install it anyways because it was in the back anyways and nobody would ever see it.  It is now October and it has gone out on me.  I was about to warm up my dinner when I pressed start and BOOM it went out.  It turned off just like that.  It never turned back on. I am really dissapointed becasue I thought I had purchased a good quality product.  I contacted the seller and he said to call Samsung and they would cover it since its still under warranty.  Well it is under warranty, but the thing is it turns out this is a refurbished unit when the seller says he purchased it new from Lowes.  He's a liar becasue Lowes does NOT sell refurbished units.  So now I'm out a couple hundred $$$ and now I have to purchase a new one.  People please listen to the reviews and don't buy this microwave, whether it's her or some other place.  Save yourselves time, money, and dissapointment.  Also, do NOT buy from this seller he is sooo unproffesional and NOT helpfull. I only give it one star because I have to give it a 1-5 or else I would give it a 0.
Same story as the others here. Poor product, poor service. The dreaded -se- code after 20 months.  Debating smashing it on YouTube once I get a new microwave. Don't buy this rubbish!
Purchased this microwave from Lowes in August 2011.  The microwave stopped heating four days ago...fifteen months from installation to failure.  Contacted Samsung for repair service, and was directed to an authorized service provider in my area who qouted me a $95 charge just to come to the house...parts and labor would be additional.  What's interesting is that the microwave didn't last long enough for me to experience the SE code problem that virtually everyone else has mentioned.  So, do I pay to have the unit repaired only to then have the SE code problem pop-up, or do I just go get a different oven???  Hmmmm...I think I'll get a new oven...and not a Samsung.
We bought this mwo 20 months ago and were satisfied until the magnetron failed at 20 months, which is unacceptable!  Since the magnetron has a 10-yr warranty, we checked for local authorized repairmen, but there  were none close enough to make the repair worthwhile, since we have to pay for labor.  Check this out before you buy.
Microwave does it's job but door started sagging within first 30 days and the unit quit working within a year.
So far so good. Replaced a Samsung and the existing bracket worked. Much quieter than the one replaced. My wife loves themeltsoften function.
This thing broke down in the same manner as all the other reviewers described. Samsung should be ashamed, this is a pretty obvious design flaw. I will be staying away from ALL samsung products from now on.
This microwave worked fine while it lasted, about 2 years.  It looks fine and wasn't too loud when the fan was on, but the fact that it didn't last any longer makes the features irrelevant.  The price certainly was no better than comparable microwaves with much better longevity.  I would not recommend this product.
This microwave has had one problem after another since it was installed close to a year ago. It's prone to all sorts of computer malfunctions. Let's see if I can even remember them all. We've had it start up again after pulling food out and closing the door (without hitting start again). It's often (50+ times) sounded as if it was working, but when I realized it had been an awfully long time without it chiming, I found that it had frozen just a few seconds into the heating. The most disturbing problem was that it has on perhaps five occasions turned on on its own--with no one in the room. There have been many occasions where it has just not worked at all. When this happened, unplugging it and plugging it back in used to reset it so that it would work. Unfortunately, it now won't work at all, with just the code, SE flashing on its display.We're buying a new microwave this weekend, and I can guarantee it won't be a Samsung.
Picked this up at our local Lowes for a good price. This model has the real stainless handle, and not the painted-grey handle I saw on a lower end model. We installed it with minimal problems for our kitchen out of the 1960's that usually has non standard things (finding a fridge that fit was very painful). We needed one with a low clearance distance to the cook-top - 14 inches or less, and Samsung meets the bill at 13 inches. After using a counter-top microwave for the past few years, this seems huge. I'm still learning all the features, but am certainly pleased by the power of the fan. I'm exploring the use of the sensor cooking and can't wait to use the rack to be able to actually cook the amount of squash I want at once - the old microwave was just too small. I'll update this review if I run into any problems as we run it through it's paces, but so far it was relatively easy to install and is easy to use.
I brought a samsung SMH9187ST back Nov. 2010, which is the same exact microwave as the SMH 1816S with the exaact same features listed. On June 14, 2011, I had a technician come to my home to repair this unit. This unit was under warranty at the time. On May 6,2012, samsung microwave display SE on the screen. Call samsung office and they referred me to a service tech. also, stating the unit was not under warranty regardless of the last repair date. I call the service tech. office somewhere in Norcross,GA.to find out what it would cost for a visit to my home. The office employee(not the tech.) stated the tech. visit for my area would be $140.00 to look at and replace the unit part which would cost $75.00. Total cost $215.00 The employee that was not a tech. quoted me the cause of my problem and the part that cause the problem without some even looking at the unit. Sounds like the repair company already have a lot of information without every touching or looking at this samsung microwave unit. This appears to be an on going problem with this unit even though the on thing that has change is the model number Samsung SMH1816S.If, you have not had a problem in the first year consider yourself lucky. When you have had two problems in 18 months with this unit it is time for a recall on your product. Stay away from this microwave unless you don't mind an inconvenience and spending more money.
I have had this microwave less than 2 years and I too am getting the SE error code.  It is $99 just for someone to look at it!  You can't press any of the buttons.  This obviously is a manufacturer issue if there are so many complaints about it.  Now I have to spend another $300 on a new microwave not Samsung.
I bought this less than three years ago.  I seldom use it to heat food.  I only used it for light, fan and timer.  Now, it keeps on beeping and the technician said it will cost me $160 to $200 to repair it.
Similar to many other reviewers, we were happy with our purchase until the SE error appeared. The microwave lasted for 3 years without a problem, but suddenly tonight while using the stove, the microwave gave the error message. We tried to troubleshoot the problem, but nothing worked.I called Samsung to report the problem, and they are sending out someone to repair the control panel free of charge. Because of the negative reviews, they do have a special warranty on this part of the unit since it is such a common problem. Despite their helpful customer service, I would not purchase this Samsung microwave unless you eventually want to have to replace a faulty control panel.
We have had this microwave for just over a year.  One month after warranty we got an SE error code.  In doing some research we found over 200 complaints about it on the Samsung web site.  With a lot of complaining we got them to authorize a free service call.
I bought this microwave 18 months ago from Sears and it looked good and worked just fine until the SE error message came up a week ago. Then the keypad stopped working. We tried plugging and unplugging, and I have tried all of the fixes found online but to no avail. I am now planning to replace it with a quality product. so much for buying a good looking product that reviewers say works well. I want my appliances to last more than a year and half.
We purchased our Samsung over the range microwave 14 months ago.  We started getting the 5e but it would clear up overnight.  Then it got so none of the keyboard would not work. I guess we'll have to buy a new microwave but it definitely won't be a Samsung.
After about 18 months of working beautifully, we also got that SE error. Called an authorized dealer and between the cost of a service call, the price of labor and the price of the new keypad, it will cost $200 to fix.  No way!!  I will be purchasing a new microwave and it will most definitely NOT be a Samsung!! Time to issue a recall like they do with cars...they know who has registered this product. We should all be given replacement keyboards free of charge. We need lemon laws for appliances. I urge you to stay away from this one.***UPDATE***I spoke with the authorized service provider and he suggested I contact Samsung directly (1-800-726-7864). I spoke with customer service and then was transferred to Executive Customer Relations. They first offered me a free replacement part but told me I would have to pay for the service call and any labor charges. I told her that was not acceptable as that would still cost me $135. She put me on hold again and came back telling me she could give me as a courtesy a ONE TIME ONLY warranty extension. She made it clear it would not ever be repeated. So, at least now I will have the repair done at no cost to me. Hopefully the new part will last longer than the original.  I suggest you try giving them a call if you are one of the many with this problem.
Keypad error SE.  $185 to repair.  I'm getting a new microwave, but can't seem to find a good review on any of them from someone who had it more than 1 year.
This replaced a 12 year old identical model that finally quit. While I considered a more recent model, the convenience of installing a microwave with the exact same dimensions and mounting hardware is hard to beat. There are a lot of buttons that I will probably never use.
We really like this microwave but more we like how easy it was to get it from Amazon.  It really has a good convection oven, although is somewhat noisy with the fan.  It was very easy to install and came with very clear instructions.  Amazon delivered it quickly and it was the best price as anywhere.
I had to buy this model microwave because my kitchen built-ins were constructed to fit an earlier Sharp model in this line. I loved the old one, even though it only lasted 9 years, but this one has been a tremendous disappointment.   First off, Amazon does not tell you until AFTER your purchase that they subcontract out delivery to a third party who prohibits you from speaking with the driver via his cellphone and thinks nothing of dropping the ball re customer communication: I wasted an entire day waiting for a delivery man who did not ring my bell as instructed and had instead delivered it to my super, which no one bothered to tell me. The delivery was an extremely frustrating fiasco.  Amazon needs to take more responsibility vis a vis decent delivery services.   Next point of disappointment:  I paid two men to install this monster.  (It's practically 80 lbs. and impossible to install solo).  So they get it in and fitting properly into the drop-in shelf designed to hold it. Then comes another surprise: Every time I turn it on, it makes a tremendous rattley racket not unlike a jet turbine - nothing at all like the smooth, quiet operation of its predecessor. This noise is so loud you can't even think about listening to NPR or a fellow kitchen occupant during the oven's operation. If I press firmly on the door of the microwave while it's on, the noise mutes, but who can stand in front of the microwave pressing on it every time you  zap a potato?  I'm not sure if the ace delivery company rattled something loose inside this particular appliance, or if this series model contains a design flaw, but the noise is really horrible.   There's more: I was very impressed with the ease of baking in this oven - the programming is  simple enough for a liberal arts major to grasp quite easily. But every time I use the convection function (closely following all the instructions re appropriate containers, elevating the foodstuffs off the rotating plate, etc.,) the oven gives off a menacing odor exactly like you sniff in a terrible electrical fire. There is nothing in the manual concerning either the noise issue or the smell issue.   I'm in NYC, where there are very few options when searching for a specific appliance (I tried to find one locally that would fit my shelf space), but if I could have, I would have previewed this model at a local retailer and seen how it worked there before springing for such an expensive lemon. Because this behemouth is such a hassle to remove and install, it's the kind of thing which, if you do buy it, you should buy with a guarantee of local on-site service. So far, this oven's cost me $1,000.
I've selected this model, because it is the only convectional microwave oven that fits my kitchen. Other models require some extra space in front of the microwave on the left side, to be able to open the door. It is not a problem for most kitchens, but if you have a deep cabinet to the left of the microwave that extends in front of oven, Sharp seems like the only option. Sharp has put a smaller door that starts about an inch from the left side of the microwave, so it opens freely.    So far I was not disappointed. I'm mostly using the microwave mode, convectional mode. It cooks well, and the menu is rather intiutive - what else do you need? Auto reheat works well and produces consistently good results. I was not getting very good result with mixed mode (oven + microwave) though.    There are some faults in this model, that I think Sharp should've done better, so it only got 4 starts:  1) The menu system could be better. E.g. the Start button on most microwaves also serves as 'Add minute' or 'Add 30sec', but here it would not do anything - one has to use dedicated 'Add minute' button. I got used to it, but my guests can't easily find this button.  2) The fan is very very loud. It has two speeds, but even with reduced speed, it is very loud. It does not look extremely powerful either.  3) The range light is generated by two small incandescent bulbs. I would expect energy efficient fluorescent lamps or LEDs for this high-end oven. They could've perfectly fit a long tube there, but have instead put old unefficient incandescent bulbs.  4) The interior is stainless steeel, but it is not very smooth, so it takes some effort to clean the microwave.
I love it.  The only problem is the popcorn button is not set long enough to complete popping the popcorn.  It is only half cooked.  The convection works great and much simpler than my previous combination ConvectionMicrowave oven
I see many disgruntled people who have had shipping problems. Sharp  does not put enough packing materials in the box to ship these VIA Post-Office or UPS. At 85 lbs The seller needs to Double Box these and add more packing material and then send via FED-EX or DHL at a higher ground rate and customer will be fine. Thanks thecloseoutking
One week after installing this over-the-stove, convection microwave, the stainless steel interior began to look spotted. A white cloth rubbed on the area revealed rust which continued growing like a severe rash on all surfaces of the inside. Sharp authorized a local service rep to make a housecall and examine it. He concluded the metal interior's defect, whereupon Sharp said they would replace (but not pay for reinstallation of) the unit. Removing the defective microwave and reinstalling will cost me $140!!! That wipes out any savings incurred by ordering online. Sharp's customer service will not compensate. I would have been MUCH better off buying from my local retailer who would have changed out the piece without charge in a situation like this. Live and learn. It is more than one month after the inspection and I have not received the replacement (said to be on back-order but still available online!!!).  Aside from the interior cosmetic defect, the microwave looks great and works fine.
We got this through Amazon and have been very pleased.  I do recommend that you open the box and inspect immediately upon delivery, especially if it is during the holiday season when shippers use a lot of inexperienced people. Our first unit's box externally seemed fine but the interior packing was pulverized and the unit was obviously busted up.  Amazon replaced it and our second unit is still running strong.     I love this - I could write a tome.  The convection oven not only bakes and roasts, but setting at 100 degrees, I use it for raising bread, and 150 degrees, I'll bring a steak or roast up to room temp before searing and cooking. I think at 150 degrees it's faster and safer than having it sit on the kitchen counter as recommended in my cookbooks. I'm a better cook!    One warning about a dual-use appliance like this, which should be obvious: when you are using it for one thing it is not available for the other.  I wouldn't want to be without this unit, but I also have another microwave and I feel I need both. I would say I use the two, in tandem, nearly every evening.
When we were remodeling our kitchen we decided to replace our Sharp countertop convection microwave with the over the range model. I really miss the old one. This new model seems to be a lot noisier than the old one. I went from 1.5 cubic feet down to 1.1 and it feels like I lost a lot more room than that. The hood light is VERY dim and the replacement bulbs (2) each cost at least $4 a piece if you can find them. Because we had to vent this into the kitchen we had to sent away to Sharp for a charcoal filter that cost $20 (filter plus shipping and handling.) We had planned to vent it to the outside but the vent didn't even come close to matching up the hole from our former range hood. The cooking turntable is white and very had to keep clean. It is only a month old and is very stained already.  I do like to have the cooking area at eye level.  I researched the price for comparable items on the web before buying and Amazon offered the best price as well as free shipping. I am very pleased with Amazon!
I have been unable to find filters that fit this microwave. I ordered some through Sharp and they didn't fit.  Sharp told me that I would have to get a service man out to install them.  The service man could not install them and he called Sharp and was told that there was a design error and there were no filters available for this model.  Sharp would not reimburse me for the expense of the service call.  Otherwise, it is a great microwaveconvection oven.
When our old Sharp 34;over the range34; started to die (14 years of service and the display had become very dim and door starting to crack with quite large chips falling off we decided it had to be replaced). Finding an over range (gas) with convection and a good extractor fan proved difficult and so we decided on this Sharp product. At 71 lbs and with different mounting points from it's predecessor it was a difficult installation task - could not have been done by one person on their own.Once in place however it is the greatest ! It is better designed than the one before with 2 extractor inlets placed to handle the heat from the gas range very well , a large ceramic turntable that is easy to clean PLUS it can be selected to 34;not rotate34; which permits bigger dishes to be used as needed.Best of all it has a 34;keep warm34; feature that allows warming serving plates as well as keeping unserved food ready  for 34;seconds34; without the whole reheat cycle.Great product - would have given 5 stars but for the physical difficulty of installation ( in fairness that would have probably been much the same for any brand)
My Sharp convection  over the range mirowave is perfect. Other brands have a protruding handle, {could hit tall people in the face} the handle on my new Sharp is flush and much more stylish. My husband installed it, the instructions were great. Sharp has designed the shipping box to be used as a lifter and holder to assist the installer.  The best thing was the excellant service from Amazon, and I saved over $200. Thank you Amazon and Sharp!!!!
You will be surprised at the amount and size of food this oven will accomodate.  It cooks everything from meatloaf to pound cake evenly and locking in juices.  I bought this because my other Sharp over the range microwave gave up after eleven years of constant use.  I was used to the Sharp features which made it the logical choice.  At the same time, I wanted to replace my conventional oven (also 11 yrs. old) because it never baked evenly.  With the Sharp microconvection combo, I no longer have to replace my conventional range oven - I'll use it for storage.
Fits perfectly in previous Sharp model space.  Heating seems the same as the previous model although this one states 850 watts and the old one said 1100 watts.  Exhaust does not work as well as the other model.  Fan seems to work same on low and high speed, no difference in sound or intensity of fan sound.  One would think the low would seem quieter.
Great price, shipped in good speedy time,  a very small dent that we decided we were not going to complain or worry about!  Oven was mounted, and neither of us felt it was worth taking out and starting over!!!  Works great, convection or micro- wave!!
I purchased this item for two reasons, 1) because this is a Union Made microwave assembled in TN (the only American made microwave I've found)  and 2) It has a convection oven that can double as a 2nd oven.The styling on this unit is very nice, sleek and not overcomplicated, it enhances the look of my kitchen.The microwave cooking is simple, with built in functions for thawing frozen items or popping popcorn, etc.  You punch a button, it asks you how many steaks you are defrosting or how much popcorn you are popping and it does the rest.Convection cooking is new to me, but the manual and recipe booklet that come with the unit have already produced salmon steaks with a white winebasil sauce and cooked a pizza.  I've found that in the heat of the summer I can use this oven vs. my gas oven and it cooks faster and doesn't heat up the house as much.  There is also a function that combines microwave and convection cooking to get meals done even faster... there are so many things this machine does, I've yet to figure them all out.A nice feature, you can turn the turntable onoff depending on whether you have a round or rectangular dish.The unit runs on regular 110 voltage, so no complicated rewiring.GE, Kenmore and Samsung all have similar units -all made in Korea, all for the same price or more. I chose this microwave because I was tired of complaining about outsourcing of American jobs and wanted to support a company like Sharp that is still making some of their units here in the USA.
Purchased Jan. 2004.  Just stopped working 612. (I'm guessing the magnetron blew.) Just past the 7 year warranty for that part, so after researching several other microwave ovens, I will replace with the same model.  I hope they are using the same manufacturing process.  (One problem early on was fixed quickly and with full support of customer service, under warranty.)Pros:I have used this microwave daily, usually several times a day for 8 years.  In contrast to one reviewer, my ceramic turntable is as clean as the day I got it. (Yes, I take it out and clean it whenever it gets a spill, either in the dishwasher or by hand.)  Couple of spots on the inside of the unit.I like the clean appearance of having a unit without any handles on the outside.Cons:Not be the roomiest interior.  Listed clearly in the specs.Exhaust fan doesn't seem to do much of anything, but I live in a NYC apt that is not set for external exhausting.  So my installation is a 'recirculating' one.  I'm glad I have a large window right next to my range.NA:I haven't used the special settings too often, so can't remark on them.
This Oven is GREAT. It'll cook anything and fast too. It's a little pricey but you get what you pay for most of the time. This time I did. Stick a hot dog, or some potaoes or bacon in there and push the right number and presto you have cooked food. We had baked chicken the other night and it was brown, done and tasty. I love the darn thing. I give it a high five.
Bought the Sharp R-1874 in November 2006 and immediately noticed that the entire unit appeared to be of flimsy construction.  Now the door will not seal properly and it will only work in the micro or convection mode if the user continually keeps pressure on the latch.  A ridiculous situation.     Sharp USA was no help and a repairman gave me a $230 quote to fix it.
I was a bit put-off by other reviews critical of packaging, delivery, installation problems, and quality.  In my case at least, Amazon and Sharp scored 100% in all categories.  I do find that a small hydraulic jack helps immeasurably when single-handedly positioning the unit during installation. And the manual was misleading regarding exhaust fan orientation.  It's often the case that manual updates lag product improvements.
Great help in the installation, smaller oven size than ge or sears. Display could have larger numbers. No handle to open door.
We used the Dacor labelled version of this aplliance for 10 years before it gave out. Found out this is the exact same appliance as the Dacor, at half the price. So we ordered this one, but returned it immediately because it  had dents, so obviously had been dropped, and seemed to be making a louder noise than the old Dacor when operating and I was afraid it had internal damage. Amazon was as always good on making full refund on its return. I then came across a highly discounted floor model microwave that featured a 400 cfu exhaust system (vs the 300 cfu exhaust on this product), a feature very important to my wife who does a lot of stir frying. The microwave I bought is also 1100 watts vs 850 watts on this one, but I don't know how important an extra 250 watts really is. 850 watts was just fine for us for  10 years.  Could it be the lower wattage helped it last so long? And the convection oven utility is something we may miss more than we now think we will.Anyway I think this is a pretty good product, particularly if you use the convection function a lot. One word of advice if you buy this and vent it to the outside, remove the vent flap on top of the unit and install a vent flap at the end of the duct line. Our vent flap became loaded with grease and stuck in the closed postion. The exhaust  then entered and covered the wiring and internal parts with grease, causing it to overheat and blow the magnitron. Also be religious about keeping the vent screens clean. If we had done those things our old Dacor may have lasted who knows how much longer. We considered repairing it but the technician said there was too much grease.
After owning a previous Sharp microwaveconvection oven I bought this one.  Installed 5 years ago and still just as pleased as the day it was installed.  Excellent even microwave and oven performance.  Highly recommend this product.
We ordered one of these and were shipped an open boxcustomer return. The bottom of the unit was dented and the interior was dented. It made a hummingvibrating noise during microwave operations. Amazon shipped us another unit which also was an obvious open boxdamaged customer return. Looks like people are dropping these during the install, then returning and the factorywarehouse people aren't even refurbishing them.  It was easy to tell it was already used since the exhaust vent was not set to the factory default of recirculating.  It isn't Amazon's fault, in fact they were so quick to ship another unit(2nd day fedex!).  I wonder if other vendors are seeing this problem...  I love the way this looks over my stove, but it looks like they wont be sending another one due to the problems with the warehouse.
I ordered one of these on line. It came in promptly. I found that it was bent on the bottom, bent on a piece of stainless steel across the front and the vent damper that came inside the oven was damaged. This appeared to be a factory sealed unit. It had to come from the factory like this. Possible the bottom was bent somewhere in shipment ranging from the factory to the shipper. Since I got it on Friday, I went ahead an installed it thinking that Sharp would simply send me the parts as they were screw on simple replacement parts. I was wrong. First Sharp said they did not warrant cosmetic damage. I told them it was factory shipped that way, please send parts. They said NO! Ship it back to who I bought it from. I, after much argument, had to take it down and send it back. This ended up costing the seller shipping charges which they paid. I felt this was not right as Sharp could have easily fixed the problem. The shipper did not have another unit in stock, so I got a refund and ended up buying another brand locally. The foam in bottom of carton was very thin (none in middle), thus, subjecting the unit to shipping damage. I had a Sharp before this one that never gave any real problems, but their customer service really sucks!   My advise to you is to carefully check ANY microwave oven you buy before you leave the store or install it. Apparently the factories in USA or Korea do not do this before they ship them. I finally got my replacement oven installed, but it was the third unit to get one that was not bent right out of the box.
UPDATE: Yes i too had the door latch button melt and it does not function any longer it actually was replaced within the 1st year under warranty but now this has happened again a second time and i was only boiling water on the front burner, i see no use in paying for a second repair since i am currently using a pen to pop the door open i will of course have to replace the whole microwave in the near future  i will be soooo happy when i finally do i can't wait to ditch this appliance what a waste. next time I'm choosing a regular handle not a push button latch. Live  Learn   don't they test these designs in practical applications before releasing them to the consumer.....won't be buying anything from sharp company any time soon.   I purchased this microwave to replace a countertop model (emerson proffesional) stainless steel, I needed a spacesaving feature plus vent for stove and wanted stainless steel to match my other stainless steel appliances.  I purchased it from Amazon for $275. lowest price I could find and am currently waiting on a $30.rebate from sharp so for the price its not a bad deal.  It has no handle that makes it sleek looking and the control panel is hidden behind the door not used to having to set controls before closing door but it makes cleaning easier.  My countertop model was of higher quality stainless steel and i only paid $100. for it (on all sides) not just the front like this model  I installed this unit to vent vertically outside the damper is a bit flimsy but hopefully its been tested by sharp for reliability.  Exhaust fan unit detects heat from stove and automatically operates, unit is a bit noisy on either hi or low setting,wish it was quieter.The light has hi and low settings either is bright enough, more of a night light feature.  Overall it work fine and looks good. Not a high end unit but then again not a high end price.  It does have a nice feature that senses when your food is cooked, used it on potatoes which turned out great.At first I was reluctant to purchase this larger appliance that would be shipped through UPS for fear it would arrive damaged but UPS did a fine job with handling.  Rated it 3 stars as unit being average and appearance bearing clean lines which boosted my rating.
Its a pretty big and heavy unit so having someone around to help mount would be a good thing.  I found that sometimes the clips in the back have a little trouble popping in all the way, unless its lined up just right.I didnt like the wall mount screws a whole lot as well as the fact there is only 4 to hold on the whole bracket (they note that you should have at least 2 in studs).  They have holes drilled in the mount all the way across, so what I did was located two studs, drilled some 116th pilot holes in the bracket where they were and sunk (5) 1 34quot; drywall screws in each stud from top to bottom of the bracket to attach it to the wall.  I didnt want to worry about the microwave falling off and either seriously injuring someone or smashing my new ceramic top stove.Also be careful if drilling the top cabinet mount holes with the microwave in place, the bit can easily destroy the screw hole :)  I ended up replacing the two small upper cabinet mount screws with 12quot; self tapping bolts.  So the cinnimon powder doesnt quite sit level up there in the cupboard.. but the microwave is definately not falling out of my wall!As for functionality, the microwave is nice and powerful, the unsightly buttons are hidden behind the door (you punch in the settings when you open it).  A note of caution, dont put anything in it without the carousel tray to heat.  I had a small paper nacho bowl in there and it almost started the glue on fire in 20 seconds.Another note... The carousel tray does not ship in this box well, mine arrived broken in half.  My only option was to ship the whole unit back (weighs like 80 lbs).  I lucked out because my old microwave was a Sharp and the carousel tray is identical.
It may look pretty, but as an over the range microwave oven it provides nothing but headaches. Even a modest amount of heat from the cook top below causes the microwave oven's pushbutton door latch to deform (melt?) because Sharp chose to save money with plastic rather than metal interior parts. Thus, either the door won't close or one has to pry the latch open each time. The service technician who replaced the assembly (twice) said he had performed almost a dozen similar replacements in the recent past.  My advice, buy it only if you never plan to use the cook top below.
I bought this on Amazon to replace a Sharp microwave, which has served me well for several years. Based on the price, compared to other with similar features, this unit is the least expensive. I was also impressed with the comprehensive directions for installation. I am closer to being Tim (the toolman) Taylor than a professional at home improvements, so I followed the instructions with precision. The results were outstanding. Not only does it look GREAT where my old stove hood used to be, it passed my popcorn test, of which, I am particular. No scotching, full bag, satisfying and an extra plus, while I am beaming over my accomplishment, the beep sounds indicating the popcorn was finished, the display read Enjoy. Am I ever! I have in my digital locker,courtesy of Amazon, my own .pdf manual. What a great investment in money for the microwave and the time for installation of the unit.Solidly built, looks great, came with lightbulbs for range light INSTALLED! No cons, but could have used some help with installing, as the manual recommends 2 people install, but I did manage nicely by myself. I would suggest an additional set of hands for final insertion, once preparations are complete. I have only owned this for a day, but, I wanted to tell my tale to give others an incentive, if they are on the edge, to jump at this opprotunity to snazz up the kitchen in a big way and for little out of pocket.Panasonic wants like $300 for a comparable unit. I am pleased to pay 12 as much and get a quality unit such as this. You can even get this for $25 off before January 31st, free shipping (this dude is HEAVY!) and no tax, do the math, it is a steal!
It is installed, it heatscooks still after 4 days.  wife is disappointed in appearance, but it looks ok to me.
great microwave at great price.  i bought one from amazon.com last month for $199.  it arrived in one week.  no shipping charge.  looks great.  works great.  installed easily.  (professionally installed for $65.)  nice clean lines.  easy to operate.  hit the button once for one minute.  hit it again for each additional minute.
I bought this microwave to replace my previous Sharp R-1449.  This one is deeper, more plastic, and slightly more powerful.  It seems reliable (only have had it 6 weeks), has a good vent and good stove lights.  I wish it had a night light and a switch to stop turntable rotation though one can get around it by removing the turntable. My biggest disappointment was that it utilizes a different mounting plate than my previous Sharp microwave.    I gave it four stars bc it does the job and it was inexpensive compared to other manufacturers. Incidentally, mounting instructions were very good.
This microwave was a replacement for a different brand.  But for $169 (and I found an online coupon to boot) it was worth every cent spent.  Granted, it doesn't have all the bells and whistles my old microwave had, but what do we generally use a microwave for...reheating, defrosting and popcorn...so why spend the extra cash?  Installation was not quite so easy as others indicated as I was replacing a different brand, which meant drilling new holes in cabinet, and installing a new bracket behind the microwave, but still, for the money saved, well worth the effort.  It does not come with a charcoal filter so be prepared to buy one separately if you are going ventless (do it at the time of purchase if you can find it on Amazon so you can save the shipping cost).  The rating I gave is due to the lack of features...basic microwave with few extras, but the price made it 4 stars!
DOESN'T HAVE ALL THE BELLS AND WHISTLES AS MY LAST SHARP OVER-THE-RANGE MICROWAVE, BUT IT WORKS FOR ME.  TURNTABLE HAS NO ONOFF BUTTON, SO IT IS ALWAYS ON,  INSIDE IS A LITTLE SMALLER WIDTH-WISE, BUT STILL FITS 13X9X2 PAN OK. PAID $169, FREE SHIPPING AND NO TAX.  GREAT DEAL.
We've had an earlier model range hood style Sharp oven for five years.  We've had to replace the circuit board and it has gone through three door handles.  There is no one in our household who misuses appliances, so the door handle problem---plastic that is not strong enough to withstand the pulling pressure of the door catch--- simply shows the inferior quality of Sharp parts.  I've actually hoped that the oven itself would stop working so I'd have a legitimate reason to replace it; I can't bear the idea of throwing out a functioning appliance.  This is why I give it 2 stars.  But this machine will have cost me $150 in repairs if I replace the broken handle again.
This is the second Sharp R-1405, Over the Range Microwave I have owned. The first one lasted 8 years and gave me excellent service. So I was thrilled when I found the same model still being produced. I snatched it up and easily installed it because the same install hardware was required and 90% of the mounting hardware was already installed in the wall above the stove. Not only that..The price was about $200 or $300 less than comparable over the range microwaves. An excellent product that gets the job done!!...I highly recommend it!
I had a same model of microwave which worked for me about   4to 5 years very good and that was the reason I ordered the same brand and model again .  the new one so far has been very good too but the one way blocking door over the exhaust fan was noisy which I swapped it with the  older one and fixed the problem overall is very good and I like it.
this was a great buy!! I read the other reviews and they are right on the money. Easy to put up but it goes easer with two people but one can do it and everything you need is their and it works great.
The Microwave works beautifully.  The installation instructions left something to be desired, but we figured it out.
For the price I don't think you can beat this Sharp microwave.  I just wanted a basic microwave that did the job.  I was replacing a countertop micro that was rated at 1200 watts and I was concerned that the rated 950 watts of the Sharp would be inadequate.  My fears were groundless as the Sharp functions every bit as fast the older one.  I like the sleek appearance without a protruding door handle.  They recommend two people to mount this oven, however since I didn't have help available I was able to easily mount it myself with a little thought.  If I were to rate it down for anything it would be that the mounting instructions are confusing in a couple of areas, mainly in the venting info.  All-in-all a good buy.
Bought this model to replace the one bought thru Amazon 6 years ago. It just died abruptly, thought it was a fuse but if there was one couldn't locate it. Buying the same model made installation a snap. Just hope this one lasts longer
Works fine, but somewhat lacking in some features.  The defrost selection begins at  12 lbs..  In a single person household, I often need to defrost smaller amounts.  I buy packages of pork chops, vegetables, etc. and split them up into small packages and freeze them.  Also, my previous microwave had a 30 second time add feature which I used more often than the 1 minute add feature on this microwave.  One minute is often longer than I need and if 30 seconds is too short, I could always push it more than once.  That microwave also had several fan speeds and light options.  The lower fan speeds were useful when I didn't need the higher speed and reduced the rather irritating high speed fan noise.  These restrictions are mostly just somewhat irritating and, overall, I'm not dissatisfied with the unit.  I also found the installation instructions somewhat difficult to follow. Mainly, I had a few parts that didn't seem to go anywhere.  My previous unit (different maker) only lasted 4 years which was a disappointment, I hope this one lasts longer.
I hit the start button and sparks flew and dead microwave.  I think this model could be a fire hazard.  Called Sharp, even though the microwave was under warranty when the problems started... they were of no help.  They send a repair service who promptly told me there was a $75 34;show-up fee34; and repairs would be an additional charge.  Very disappointed in Sharp and will definitely not consider  another of their products.
I do not have this particular microwave; though I do have a Sharp 1100 Carousel and feel compelled to comment.  Originally I had another Sharp model.  After about six mos. the door would not close properly.  With a little shoving you could get it to operate but I found that a bit alarming.  Walmart (where we puchased) let us exchange it for the above model.  After less than a year a couple of the keypad numbers do not function - I have to choose another number.  It's such a shame that what you thought was a quality product you could depend on is no longer.
Fast shipment, decent product.  Doesn't cook evenly.
We purchased and installed this over the range microwave as a replacement for a 25 year old one.  This is Sharp is just perfect.  We required one with the recirculating feature because we have no way to vent it, and this type is not easy to find.
I have had this microwave three years.  The only problem I ever have with it is that the door sticks sometimes.  I just have to tug on it every once in a while.  The oven works consistently and does everything it should.  The defrost stops intermittently to tell you to turn things over or separate them or whatever.  That is sometimes helpful and sometimes not -- If I have just one chicken breast in there to defrost I have to hit the button to resume defrost about three or four times.  I do respond by turning the chicken over one of those times.  I defintely recommend the microwave.
We bought this microwave 2 years ago.  It worked well during that time, but it recently stopped working.  We were warming up some food when the microwave started smoking.  When we opened the door, all we could smell was the stench of burnt plastic.      After waiting a day for the smell to clear out, I tried running the microwave with nothing in it.  After 10 seconds, I opened the door and could again smell the burnt plastic.  On the right side of the microwave behind the metal grate where all the wiring is, I could hear sizzling.    The internal wiring was melting and that was causing the smell and smoke.  In searching for a new microwave to replace this one, I read in Consumer Reports that Sharp brand microwaves are a repair-prone brand.    As other reviewers have stated, this is a good, basic microwave.  But, if you are expecting it to last for several years, I'd select a different brand and model.  Frigidaire, Whirlpool, Maytag, Amana, GE, and Kenmore (Sears) all get good ratings for reliability from Consumer Reports.
I have been using this microwave for four years now without any issues. A nice deep oven with a really powerful fan. Good results every time I use it!
Same as the other one star reviews. Less than 2 years, panel fried for no reason (overnight, we werent even using it at the time!) Not under warranty and almost $200 to fix a $800 appliance. Fifty dollar microwaves last way longer than this! We are paying to fix, but if it haopens again, we will just put a regular microwave in that space.
I bought this microwave in October for a kitchen we are having remodeled.  Got it installed about 3 weeks ago and was microwaving some bacon last night and smelled a funny electrical burning smell.  It is apparently fried (which is what I'll be doing with my bacon until this POS is either fixed or replaced.  The top of the unit was extremely hot and it is just totally dead and unresponsive.  Not even a light.I saw all of the bad reviews but there aren't many drawer microwave options and even brands like Wolf and Thermadore are still produced by Sharp.  Very disappointing.  We'll see how the service from Sharp goes...
2 years ago we completely remodeled our kitchen and I was really excited when I found the KB-6524ps because I wanted a built-in microwave for the island. All the cabinets were custom made and one side of the island was designed to accommodate the KB-6524ps dimensions. For the first 13 months we loved this product, then the automatic openclose door feature stopped working. I called Panasonic and they were no help since it was out of warranty. I searched the internet for a authorized repair company and when I called them, they gave me a price of $295 to repair the problem (including travel), so we decided to live with manually opening and closing the door.3 months later, we were using the microwave and we noticed a burning smell. We shut the microwave off and waited a while and tried it again. Same thing only stronger smell. I called the same repair company and they told me the motor had gone and that this is a typical problem with these units. To replace the motor was $610 including travel. So we stopped using the microwave.2 weeks ago we had a problem with the ice maker on our new GE profile refrigerator so I call a GE repair company who also repairs and warranties other manufacturers' products. They came out and fixed the ice maker and since their repairs are warrantied for 5 years, I asked them to look at the microwave. They also said it was the motor but they would not repair it because they have found these unit have a tendency to catch fire.Well, I will never by another Panasonic product EVER. For the price of this unit and how cheaply made, I could find other ways to waste my money.I am purchasing the Bosch built-in to replace the Panasonic but I need to have the cabinet maker modify the opening since the Bosch is 134; longer.
Product just isn't built to last, when buying these types of appliances best to get something you can unplug and replace.  This product and company just do not hold up...Equipment brand new 52713, installed Aug13 stopped working 15 months later.
We installed Sharp model KB6524 in June 2009 during a kitchen remodel. Every appliance in our kitchen is new and this particular appliance is my favorite due to the uniqueness and convenience of this model. This microwave has exceeded our expectations in every way. One of the reasons we bought this microwave was that we needed a microwave that would fit under the countertop so our kids could reach it. It is also nice that the door slides open and I can reach down to lift out the food instead of having to reach up at face level and lift food out and down. I liked the unique concept of a drawer that pulls open instead of a door that pops open. I was a little concerned about reviews on earlier models that the auto open and close function on this microwave has a tendency to break. However, it seems that Sharp decided to manufacture this one so it closes with a button or by pushing or pulling on it to eliminate that problem. I was also concerned that it didn't have a piece in it that rotates the food. So, we were surprised to find that none of the food we have cooked has hotspots (note: I only use my microwave for reheating...not cooking). I LOVE this microwave. I had considered purchasing the 30 but decided that it was unlikely that I would need to put a dish in the microwave that was bigger than 24. So far, this has been the perfect size. It is even tall enough that I can put my portable mug in it to heat up my tea. Also, my lovely daughter did not know that you can't put metal in the microwave. She put her fork in with her plate. Surprisingly, the microwave did not arch. We checked the manual and it said you can even use aluminum foil to cover portions of meat. Not sure how they do it, but I'm not likely to try it. The microwave seems fine after the fork episode. This microwave also has programmable features such as softening ice cream. It asks what size of ice cream then sets the time as appropriate. It's a nice feature but I'm not usually softening a whole tub ofice cream. Just a portion of a tub. One other feature I use frequently, pushing the power button after closing the drawer will turn on the microwave in one minute increments. As an example, pushing the button 3 times will equate to 3 minutes. This is a pricey microwave but has been well worth the expense in our experience. I highly recommend this microwave!
We have had this microwave for about a month and absolutely love it!  Well worth the price.  It is super convenient, you can see and stir the food without removing it from the oven.  Cooks evenly and quickly.  Easy to use and clean. Very attractive, a conversation piece as well.
I love this microwave. I needed something that could go in my new kitchen island and I did not want to spend a fortune for something that had mediocre ratings. This microwave has had mixed reviews but it is working great for our household. I would say the only somewhat negative is that the door is slightly slow to open, compared to a regular microwave door that opens manually. Overall, I am very pleased with this purchase.
We purchased a home in 2013 with this already installed.  The original owners had to get it repaired once.  Since it doesn't have a turn table, it does not heat food evenly and it creates hot spots on dishes.  I have broken 3 very expensive hand made dinner plates due to the hot spots on the stoneware.  I've had the plates for 15 years with no issues.  I did buy a $30 turntable from amazon to help, but this microwave is not worth it.  We still use our old sharp countertop convention microwave and prefer it over this one.  Also, sometimes you have to let the drawer open all the way before you can shut it, which can be annoying.
We bought this unit for a remodeled high end kitchen.  I has been installed for approximately six months and we are extremely happy with our purchase. No issues whatsoever. I love the easy automatic openclose feature and not having to bend down to put items in the microwave. The unit holds much larger plates and platters than I was able to put in my former microwave, which is really nice. It also has many useful features such as a sensor that can tell how much an item needs to be heated to be ready. As this was part of a kitchen remodel I simply told the product number to our kitchen cabinet company and they made the cabinets such that it would fit in perfectly as a built in.  The item fits in well with our suite of other stainless steel appliances.  No complaints. I highly recommend.
Plus - I've had this microwave installed for about 4 months now and I really like it.  It cooks evenly and in a predictable way...much better than the traditional turntable models.  The coolness factor is high and its easy for the kids to use.  I love how it fits in with my new kitchen.Minus -  it's pricey for a microwave.  Considering, the price I expected it to have a few more quick features, like a 30 second reheat button (it will do 1 min).  The openclose mechanism is noisy and closes with a 34;clunk34; .  The special cooking features are complicated to program so I have yet to use them.Summary - It was worth the splurge.
I've had this microwave for a year and am pleased and have no problem until a few days ago. That was when I was cleaning the bottom of the drawer from food that was stuck on. I made the mistake of putting too much water in the drawer using a wet sponge. I turns out that the bottom of the drawer is NOT really sealed for thin liquids (I doubt if food would get thru the bottom of the drawer). Anyway shortly after I cleaned it the drawer wouldn't go in or  out. It turned out that water had leaked thru the bottom of the drawer and found it's way to the motor that controls the door - the motor was burned out and had to be replaced under warranty. It took the repairman a month to get the parts (bad) .It was my fault but it could have been designed better to seal the drawer totally. So do not let a lot of liquid get on the bottom of the drawer as I did.. I also strongly recommend getting an extended warranty - things like this with a mechanical component will fail well before the electronics fails .Also it's ridiculous that it took the repair man a month to get the parts.
installed in new home less than 18 months ago -- sharp covers their products for one year...it's a shame I didn't know this prior to buying it.
We bought this for our kitchen remodel to fit in the island in July 2012.  I don't like having the micro over the stove because I do a lot of canning and wanted a great range hood.  The heat from canning tends to melt the electronics in micros over the stove after about a few seasons.Once it was in, I was never completely happy because it took a long time to reheat food and didn't seem to reheat evenly.  Not a big deal since we only used it for leftovers....and it looked good tucked away under the counter.When I bought it, I couldn 't find many reviews on it - good or bad, but figured it would be fine-especially with the high price tag.Wrong!It just died with no warning.  Our $199 over the stove micros lasted longer!  I could have melted 4 or 5 of those for the price of this one!I'm going to try to fix it because now I have a custom island built to fit this specific microwave.  Save your money, buy a countertop model and whatever you do,  DO NOT build cabinetry to fit this piece of junk!UPDATE: I was able to have this fixed by a local guy.  Apparently there was some bad circuitry that he was able to replace. Glad I don't have to find a new microwave to fit the space, but I still wouldn't recommend it.  Who knows when it will break again.
My Sharp drawer microwave is so much more than I even hoped for.  It is convenient.  The button to open and button to close OR easy pull to open or easy nudge to close and it finishes opening or closing by itself!  Love that!  I had to REPROGRAM myself to go easy to get it opening or closing, then let it finish all by itself.  I was impatient because it takes 2 seconds rather than 12 second that I used on my previous microwave to jerk it open or slam it shut.  It's good for me to slow down for 2 seconds!  There are more single cook options than I have used yet. I really like the push START once to get one minute cook time, 2 pushes for 2 minutes, etc.  Can do the same to add a minute while cooking.  SENSOR REHEAT and SENSOR COOK buttons are useful, but as in prior microwaves, I have to still keep a check on how it's cooking.  It seems to cook evenly, but I probably will get a windup turntable if I can still find one.    It holds a 9x13 pan with room to spare.  The 1000W power cooks fast.  Love it!  Love it!  Love it!
this microwave is incredible!  very quiet and the convenience of a drawer is great!  easy to use and to clean!
The microwave looks good, but stopped heating after 2 months.  I am on hold now with Sharp customer service. The space saving design is nice, but don't like waiting for the drawer to openclose. The controls being 4' off the ground are tempting for my 3yr old.
Love that it is off the counter, large, and works well.  I originally bought this microwave 6 years ago with absolutely no problems.  An electric failure in the house caused us to have to replace it, and without question, we bought the same one.
We purchased the MW in Janurary, our contractor installed it the last week of April, it died two days later and Sharp service took three weeks two service calls only to have it go out ten minutes after they left. Amazon assures me that it will be resolved but not the seller. They want to repeatly waste our time and call service, have us wait then what? DON'T BUY THIS MICROWAVE.
We really enjoyed using this microwave while it lasted; however, after 2 12 years of use it just stopped working one day. We chose this drawer-type microwave because we wanted to 34;hide34; our microwave in our island for aesthetic purposes, and for this reason, were willing to pay more for it.  If I could do it again, I would definitely have splurged for one of the more expensive drawer microwaves that are available from manufacturers other than Sharp.  Yes, Sharp makes the cheapest version of this type of microwave, but we learned the hard way that you get what you pay for.
I have had this microwave for 1 year now, it has broken 3 times and Sharp has been terrible about getting it fixed under the warranty.  Opening  shutting the drawer is very sensitive  therefore the drawer stops working.  No turntable which means you need to manually spin your food around as needed.  Overly complicated directions.  Too expensive for what you get!
Microwave is very spacious; works well and is very powerful...  We love this unit.. Arrived with faulty circuit card; would not heat up.  Sharp Warranty personnel were here within 2 days and fixed it.
We love this. One of our favorite parts of the kitchen remodel. Such a space-saver and it just IS cool. I read some negative reviews - all stemming from not have a revolving plate and might be damaged if someone pushes down on it? Well duh. I have a 5yo and 8yo - they know not to stand onin the microwave. And it's 2015 - who needs a revolving plate? I use a microwave for quick stuff, not rotisserie chicken and what-not. We are super-pleased with this microwave.
While redoing our kitchen, I discovered this microwave and I love it!  I was concerned about lack of a turntable but after a month of use, I have founds foods to be heated evenly.  The popcorn button works great and I love how easy it is to program things like defrost, melt butter, warm syrup, beverages, etc...  Most of all, I am thrilled to have the microwave off the counter and the drawer style is a must when mounting in a base cabinet.
The installation dimensions in the install guide are exactly right.  I worried about trusting them, but they worked very well.    Looks real nice, works well, and was very easy to install.    One issue, When the drawer closed, it made a squeeking sound.  I figured it was going back into the box and getting shipped back.  We called Sharp and they sent out a technician who diagnosed the problem and ordered a replacement part.  We'll have to update if things go south with that, but so far, I appreciated the customer service.    Four stars because of the squeaking drawer, but not one star because the customer service was so good.
We purchases this microwave in April 2014, loved the drawercupboard installation.  July 2, 2014 we woke up to a very bad burning odor from the microwave, it was nit in use.  We contacted Sharp and they scheduled a service company to have a look at it.  It will be 5 weeks this Sat.  we still do not have a microwave.  We have been informed now by Sharp after two service calls that our microwave need to be picked up and taken off site to be tested.I would never purchase this microwave again and wished I had read the reviews prior to purchasing it.  The burning odor is obviously a problem now that I read the reviews.
SO DISAPPOINTED!! Bought this July 2013 and our kitchen was not ready yet, so we didn't put it in until a few months ago and it worked fine- we probably used it only couple dozen times and my husband went to warm up our daughters food Wednesday and NOTHING! Completely 34;dead34;! Will not turn on, no buttons works, etc.This is extremely disappointing and our warranty was up July 2014!!This is why you do not spend $800 on a microwave and I will NEVER purchase a SHARP product ever again!!!!!!Totally sad and disappointed.
For some strange reason, my microwave turntable plate just cracked in half.  I didn't have a part number so went by brand and size and found the perfect replacement through an Amazon vendor.  The order was shipped quickly and our microwave is usable again.  We are very happy and would recommend the vendor and product.
After our old Microwave died we started searching the market online and in stores.  I purchased Consumer Reports for microwaves and then searched for them on Amazon to read the customer reviews.  The top ten rated had horrible customer reviews.  So then decided to search from the bottom of the list up, and this is when I found our next microwave.  Loud was the only beef with this microwave.  Now in our house loud with all our kids is nothing compared to a microwave.  Basically if your trying to sleep near by this microwave then maybe it would seem loud.  But the 1200 watts cooks everything super fast, even heat with the turning tray is awesome!  This is used several times a day and after a month no complaints!
We are very pleased with the Sharp Microwave.  It works very well,  has easy to follow directions and looks great.
This is a great microwave, especially with the $25 discount Amazon is offering on kitchen purchases over $125. But let me tell you why this purchase was extra special. I was concerned about buying a microwave that had to be delivered (size, weight, fragile, etc) rather than from a local store .  But the selection at local stores like Best Buy was so bad, I placed the order. Unfortunately, the day it was supposedly delivered by UPS, no microwave arrived. I called UPS to see if I could start a tracer, but UPS told me that Amazon had to start the tracer because they sent the package. I went to the customer service site, couldn't find a phone number, and used the e-mail system. I thought - great - that e-mail will disappear into the ether, I may never hear from anybody, and here I am without my microwave.  That was about 8pm local time when I sent the e-mail.  The next morning when I checked my e-mail, I got quite a surprise. An Amazon rep wrote back, apologized my package had been lost, and re-ordered the item for me. Before too long, I had an e-mail the item was already shipping via 2-day delivery, and sure enough, 2 days later I had the replacement package. Wow! No hassle, no waiting, just great service. I couldn't believe it. I don't think I'll ever hesitate when I want to order something from Amazon again. I don't work for Amazon, they're not paying for this - I've actually never written a product review before. I was just so impressed with the customer service, I had to write.  The final chapter - the day before the replacement microwave arrived, the person who lives in the next cul-de-sac over from us, with the same house number, and with a street name similar to ours, showed up with the original microwave that UPS had mistakenly delivered to them. I wrote Amazon customer service an e-mail, and once again after a very quick response, I was able to arrange for UPS to come pick up the extra package.  Thanks Amazon.  You're great.
I bought the Sharp R-520KS Microwave to replace my old White Westinghouse that stopped working after Thanksgiving.  I did alot of research before I bought this one.  I was worried I wouldn't find a microwave that worked as well as my last one.  The good thing is that I could finally replace my white microwave with stainless steel to match the appliances in my new house.  Now I had an excuse to replace it.  I was looking for a powerful 1200 watt microwave large enough to fit large dishes in, and this one had some of the best reviews, a decent price, and the stainless steel look I wanted.  I also needed a counter top model since I have no under cabinet space to put one.  This microwave works great!  I also like how the control panel doesn't have elevated buttons making it easy to wipe clean with no chance of food or anything getting stuck in the buttons.  It has some nice features like the hot water button (you tell it how many cups to heat), minute plus button, keep warm setting, and many others.  I've probably used the hot water and minute plus features the most.  There are sensor heating buttons, reheat buttons, and defrost buttons, although I haven't had a chance to use them as much yet.  The ones I have used so far work great!  My only minor complaint is the same as everyone else's, the buttons all look the same and the startminute plus button and stopcancel button are located in the midst of all the other buttons making it difficult to distinguish them quickly.  Not too much of an issue, but it would have been nice if those features were located on the bottom or the corner of the display and were different than the others.  It wouldn't keep me from purchasing this microwave since everything else is great and I'm sure I'll get used to them soon.  The microwave is also pretty large, so you can fit alot in there.  I've heated a cup of water and a dinner sized plate of food at the same time.  All in all, this microwave works great, looks great, and was reasonablypriced.  I would definitely recommend it to anyone looking for a nice looking, powerful, counter top microwave.
We purchased this itme for a family member for Christmas. They love it. Said its the best microwave they ever had. They love the one touch features as well as the large cooking area. Would recommend if you want a dependable and spacious microwave.
This microwave works pretty good.  The sensor cook is awesome and will reheat or cook items almost perfectly.  The only bad thing I've seen is that it's got a rather large footprint.
I feel that there is a design flaw in this product. The SENSOR REHEAT button it just below the STOP CLEAR button and very easy to push by mistake. This very thing happened to our Microwave oven on January 27 2008, after a few minutes we could smell burning plastic, I ran into the kitchen and found the microwave smoking and after unplugging the unit I found that the door seal had a melted hole in it. I feel that an automatic feature like SENSOR REHEAT should not be an AUTO DESTRUCT! This could have become a very serious situation by starting a fire or having melted plastic stick to someone. I did not have the original receipt because it was a gift in 2007 and it is not worth paying the shipping charge to send it back, I wanted to inform you of this dangerous condition. We have replaced the microwave with another Sharp R402JK without the SENSOR cook, we have always liked sharp products and it is sad that this unit failed to live up to the Sharp reputation From Sharp Minds come Sharp Products  Sharp refused to honor the warranty saying that it was a consumer fault  by running the microwave with nothing in it. I feel this is a very dangerous flaw, you can just lean against the control panel and the unit will start up and run untill it melts.
This unit is a replacement for an identical item that arrived with concealed damage.  I notifed Amazon around 3pm the day it arrived and received word that a replacement unit had been ordered and it would take several days to process the order.  Two hours later, I received notification that the replacement unit had been shipped!  It arrived at 9:15 the next morning!  Outstanding customer service effort by Amazon.    This microwave replaced a 2002 Sharp model identical in size, power and other features.  The first thing I noticed is that it takes 30% to 40% longer to heat compared to the older model, even after 8 years of use.  This is across the board, not just on certain items.  Also, the keypad has been reconfigured with the start and stop buttons situated in between rows of other buttons instead of separated from other buttons as on the older model.  The buttons are also smaller and it is easy to push the wrong button if you get in a hurry.  I will say it is a more attractive unit and a lot quieter than the older model.
Love it! Love it! Love it!  My Sharp microwave of 10 years finally died.  It had survived numerous moves and the door was actually held on by strapping tape.  We looked around at other microwaves and found we couldn't beat the price for all the features offered by this model from.  This one was built with the same quality as my old one and I don't doubt it will last as long.
Always had Sharp microwaves - the first one lasted about 10 years, this model lasted 3 and died today. The lights are on, the timer goes down but no turntable, no fan, just doesnt work.I know they wont last forever but 3 years is a bit too less.
This is the first 1,200 watt microwave I've ever owned. It took just a while to figure out I didn't need things to heat as long, but once I figured it out, it is the best microwave I've ever owned. The only drawback I have is I wish the completed beeper was louder. Other than that, I am thoroughly satisfied with this microwave.
Just purchased this microwave and it is so loud that it seems like there is a semi tractor trailer idling in my kitchen. We could neither hear the television nor have a normal-volumed conversation with it on.  Everything else on the unit seemed great, but won't get to explore them as we will be returning it.
This Sharp Microwave is Great for a Family. Its Large size is a big plus.  Easy operation and nice finish and very powerful.   We had an LG oven before and it is a JUNK ! It lasted only 2 years.  Our old Microwave was a Sharp also and its still working after 20+ years!  My rating A+++
After too much research, I settled on this terrific microwave.  Every brand of microwave seems to have a malfunction-no help horror story. So in the end, if you chance having a microwave at all, this one seems better than most, if not all.  It works splendidly without any problem with noise or mechanical parts. My experience with Sharp Carousels has been 5 stars.  At home and work they have been dependable, efficient, good looking, and inexpensive.  Both the 2.0 and 1.4 cubic foot Carousels are commodious enough for large casseroles. When I designed my kitchen twenty years ago, I made two below-counter cabinet spaces to tuck in a medium and a large countertop microwave. I bought Carousels and have used them simultaneously almost daily.  They have been great workhorses.  The smaller one lost some of the digital display to no effect a few months ago, then made nasty little arcing noises last week and promptly was sent out to pasture. Last year I bought new stainless steel appliances (including Bosch dual fuel slide-in range-- the dream machine), and so I chose the stainless steel Sharp R-408LS Carousel 1.4 cubic foot1100-W with a 14 inch turntable from BJ's ($99) as a replacement. The match with the other appliances was so good that I replaced the 2 cubic foot1200-W with Sharp's R-520KS microwave as well. The display pads are lightly different, but better than losing size in the 1.4 cu. ft.  The Carousels match the Bosch oven door design remarkably, including the rounded window corners.  My kitchen looks better than when it was totally new with this addition. Knowing that these two new appliances are untried in the long term, I can only say they are 5+ stars as week-old additions to my kitchen. The microwaves do everything I want powerfully and quickly. The cost, especially with Amazon Prime shipping, closed the deal.
This appliance works much better than my last sharp. As for noise complaint I didn't find it to much different than my old microwave. Only bad part about stainless steel is that you see all the fingerprints everywhere. Really liked the speedy service.
I have been shipped TWO of these microwaves and they were both DOA. Different issues. Sharp might consider testing them before they leave the factory. I won't purchase another sharp microwave. The customer service was slow and did nothing to help me. I could haul it to a local service center and they said that the tech might be able to fix it while I waited but I've been to enough service centers to know that this is not likely. I'm not happy at all.
Earlier Sharp microwaves have been great, but this model beats the others we've had in features and speed--and this newer model cost a lot less. We haven't yet used all the features this microwave affords, but  we know we're going to be saving a lot of cooking time
I never got to use this microwave oven because the door would not stay shut.  I had to send it back.  Darn.  Amazon was very helpful and took care of my problem.  I am pleased with Amazon's service.
You can actually repair a Sharp Microwave that stops turningYou'll be fooled at first because usually to fix some appliance, you remove the cover, or case, or housing, or whatever you call it --- the Cabinet.  Don't.  In fact, on a Sharp Microwave, they used some screws to hold on the cabinet that you don't have the wrench for.  It's like saying, 34;These arent' the screws you're looking for.34;  (You don't need to see his identification papers,)The arcane baffling steps that aren't explained anywhere and that you haven't experienced before --1. The little perforated plate near the center of the back, after you turn it upside down, is removed by ripping it away manfully.  Never done that before on ANYTHING.  No screws,  just hack at it.  You'll be thinking, 34;But if I bend it and twist it, how will it go back on? 34;  Well, first of all, you can dispense with it; but if you feel like it, you can flatten it and then turn it over and you'll see how it has little tabs on it to reinstall it.Actually , once you get that little perforated plate off there, it's trivially simple.Carry on.
This worked fine until it did - which is less than 24 months. Within the duration, the spring lock for the door broke - and now I get the SE error. Which means the unit is toast and I now need to look for a new one. Am not going to buy another Samsung appliance.
We initially were happy with our purchase of this microwave, although it did not have the features of the older, more expensive Dacor microwave it replaced.  The size was great, and we liked the easy clean interior.However, six months after it was purchased (right before Christmas), it failed totally - would not power up at all.  I called Samsung customer service, they said a tech would get in touch shortly.  After 3 days a local repair company called to say they only came to our area once a week, so it would be several days before they could stop by.  We're 30 miles from Salt Lake City in Park City, a major resort town with a winter population of 100,000 people, so it's not like we're in the sticks.Nine days after I called, the repair service showed up.  He repaired one part, then stated that the magnetron was damaged, and that he would need to take the microwave to his shop for more diagnosis and repair.  Then he would have to order parts, then he would bring it back when his route brought him to our area again - so, two more weeks at least (assuming Samsung has the parts in stock).  On the way out of the door he banged the microwave into our door frame, putting a major dent in it.I called Samsung customer service again, and stated that I thought three weeks or more was too long to repair the unit.  They blamed the tech for not bringing all the parts he might need (what, a whole microwave?) but refused to offer to even expedite parts to the repair shop to cut a week off the time, let alone discuss any kind of replacement.With a family of 5, we use a microwave multiple times a day.  Samsung should have better quality in the first place.  When they have a failure, they need to have a better repair and support system in place, and if they can't do better than 3 weeks or more to repair an appliance that gets used daily, that's not good enough for me.  Do you need a failure like this right before you have family coming for the holidays? Would you be happy to spend weeks with a giant empty space in your kitchen where your microwave (and oven hood) was?We don't. No more Samsung appliances for us.  And good luck to Samsung in taking on Whirlpool, Bosch, Asko, Panasonic, etc. - the other appliances we have in our house which have worked great with daily use for years.  I'm off to the store for another brand of microwave, look for this one on eBay - still under warranty!By the way, we tried to post a version of this review (edited in accordance with Samsung.com's review guidelines) on Samsung.com, where Samsung supposedly allows customers to rate their products (and this microwave currently has a 4 star review).  We received a notice today that they would not post our review--no rationale, only that it did not meet their standards. BUYER BEWARE!
We installed this above an Electrolux dual-fuel oven, for which it provides venting and downward-facing LED lights in addition to its primary microwave functions. It was fairly inexpensive and looks good in the kitchen.  Observations in no particular order:1. The sensor cooking on this is much better than on our old Sharp countertop unit, which overcooked everything.  I had thought at the time that it would be nice if there was a way to calibrate the sensor.  While the Samsung doesn't give you calibration options, it does let you say what you are cooking, and apparently adjusts its response to the sensor accordingly.  I have found that it works pretty well to always tell it I'm reheating pasta!2. A general-use kitchen timer is provided.  Of course most microwaves do, so that's not unusual, but this one is smarter than some.  It is able to function independently of the cooking timer.  For example, if you are timing something for 30 minutes, then decide partway through you want to heat a cup of water for one minute, it will correctly keep track of the 30 minute timer in the background and display it again after it's done with the water.3. Minor niggle: the oven vent is supposed to come on whenever it detects heat rising from below, but ours seems to always need to be turned on manually.4. This is where the Samsung loses a review star.  The Eco Mode feature is poorly conceived.  When you press the button, the panel lights go out and standby power consumption is reduced.  So far, so good.  But then as as soon as you use the microwave again, or even just open the door, or use the oven light or vent options, it leaves eco mode; the display comes back on and STAYS on.  It really should remember eco as a user preference rather than as a temporary mode.  I also suspect this ties in to the problems some customers have had with the control panel failing.  If we were allowed to set a persistent eco mode, it's likely that the front panel would be mostly-off except when in actual operation, and as a result it might not burn out.  We have made it a habit to push the eco button after each use.In sum, it fits with our kitchen decor and cooks well, and we hope we will be able to make it last a long time by remembering the eco button as often as possible.
I bought this microwave based on the Consumer Reports product ratings and up until a couple of days ago I would have highly recommended it. Unfortunately that is no longer the case. I awoke to sounds of it beeping every few minutes and an error code of SE. After a lot of research I have seen that this same code has appeared for a fair amount of others. Both the short and the long of it is that it can no longer be used with out spending good money after bad. I know that they don't make things now days to last a lifetime, but I would have hoped for it to last longer than less than 2 years. We are light users and I kept it very clean. I wish that I would have bought an extended warranty. I can only hope that I go the same way this did...quick and without warning and that someone would also say she was good while she lasted.
My husband and I purchased this on 52713 .... the product has never worked.  I have been calling samsung for weeks and still the product doesn't work. Samsung has the worst customer service I have ever delt with. I am just trying to get a refund at this point.  I ask that they come and get it because,  I already paid to have it installed. ... I don't think I should have to pay to have taken out too. They said they will not send anyone and if I want a refund I have to send the plug and serial number . Again... just come and get it. Product is bad but the company is awful.  BBB rating for samsung appliances is an F wish I knew that before
I was in a hurry to purchase a microwave after mine had died.  I didn't spend any time researching as I normally do and made an on the spot decision at the store.  That turned in to a huge waste of time.  I bought the microwave, brought it home and installed it only to find that it was a lemon.  The electronics all worked, however, when plugging it in, the fan would kick on while the tray rotated as if the heat sensor was bad.  As a result, the unit did not function.I should have known after reading a few mediocre reviews while I was in the store to stay away.  My desire to get it done outweighed common sense.The Microwave is in the box being returned today and I'll have to do it again and likely drill new holes.  I don't plan on exchanging for the same model.
I must prequalify this review with the statement of fact that we have 4 major Samsung appliances or electronic devices in our home. I have always liked Samsung.Bought and installed this microwave in January of 2012. It just died two days ago. Totally dead... no functionality whatsoever. No lights, no keypad, nothing but dull, silent, insolent non-function. It isn't my circuit, as my oven (also Samsung) shares the outlet and is working fine.I called Samsung, and since it is just out of warranty, the service call would be $125 just to look at it + parts and labor. On top of that, the first call would be the diagnosis, and the technician would not have the parts. They would have to reschedule for that.Since I have a toddler in the house, not having a microwave is out of the question. So the risk of a $200-$250 repair bill + 2 weeks of being out of commission basically means I have to go buy a new *!$ microwave.Argh. So irritating. DO NOT BUY.
I spent several thousand dollars on Samsung appliances as part of a kitchen remodel in Oct11.  In May I noticed that when I opened the door of the microwave it appeared to have a short (a bright light flashed then went out).  It still heated but as I thought it might be a fire hazard I contacted Samsung.  They set me up with a service repair company that had a poor rating on Angie's list.  A guy came out, dismantled it and said a key part needed to be replaced (he noted 'switches' on the service order dated May 15th).  He said it would take 3-5 days so he came back a week later, without the part, saying he just need to tighten some wires.  It worked for a few weeks, then started to heat only intermittently.  Called the service company again, and a guy came out and jiggled the door, saying there was a problem with the switches, but that they didn't need to be replaced.  It worked again for a few weeks, where I had to keep jiggling the door, and finally stopped heating altogether.  Now, knowing that there was a problem with the switches, I expected the guy to arrive with the needed part.  He came but again, no part, saying he just wanted to confirm it was the switches and that the part had already been ordered.  After not hearing anything for a few weeks, I called back and was told that 'Sharp parts were backordered'.  When I told her it was a Samsung, she didn't look up my order but just said she would look into it and call me back.  After not hearing anything again, I called back and she said the same thing (Sharp is back-ordered, correction it's Samsung)and said she would call me back.  Again didn't hear back so called Samsung.  The escalation department reviewed the situation and I was put in for an exchange because the process had gone on so long.  She said I would get a call from someone who would review options with me (when I asked what the options would be she didn't know--why is that?).  Instead, I got a call from Samsung a week later saying that the servicecompany had miraculously received the part and they wanted to schedule a service call.  I told her I had been put in for an exchange and she insisted that I again deal with this disreputable service company.  I refused, and since I didn't have the Transaction  she said she would call me back today.  She didn't call this morning when she said she would so I called Samsung.  Just got off the phone with Samsung, who refuses to replace my microwave.  It just seems to be a game of stringing customers along with vague and misleading promises.  The only 2 service companies they have for this area have F ratings on Angie's list.I had a similar situation occur with my 1 month old stove back in December, which broke on Xmas Eve.  After 3 months of fighting with Samsung Best Buy finally felt sorry for me and gave me a new stove.After spending thousands of dollars on Samsung appliances I expected more from Samsung.I would stay away from Samsung or if you do purchase an appliance from them, get an independent warranty.  Customer service is a problem area for them.
Please, please do not buy this microwave. After just a few months it stopped heating intermittently. Then it started tripping our breaker. It only does this occasionally. I have had Samsung repair personnel out twice and they can't fix it. They now say I must have a faulty breaker. Well, we had a Kenmore microwave in the same exact spot for 9 years and it never once tripped the breaker. They have no explanation as to why it doesn't heat. They haven't fixed it, I'm worried the electrical system is faulty, and therefore a fire hazard and Samsung refuses to replace it.  The problems occur sporadically and as a repairman hasn't actually seen it malfunction they don't believe me. Do not buy this OR ANY SAMSUNG PRODUCT!!The total lack of concern for their customer is shocking. My husband and I spent an hour and a half on the phone with some lackey from customer service named Landry H. and all he did was spend the entire time telling us he couldn't help us unless we agreed to a THIRD service call to see if they could catch it not working. He refused to transfer us to anyone else, or offer us any alternatives, no matter how many different things we suggested.  I will never buy a SAMSUNG product again, and to anyone reading this review, for your own sanity.....RUN.
I purchased this microwave oven at a big box store when it was on sale, and received a better price than the amazon list price. I brought it home, removed the older microwave this was replacing and installed this new one, myself. (Installation was a bit more difficult than I expected it to be, but this had more to do with the shoddy installation of the unit it was replacing than any flaws in this unit, so I won't count that as a strike against this product.)In the few months that we have been using this unit, there are several things that I've noticed that have made me regret this purchase:1. The glass plate split in two after about two weeks of use. I have no idea why this occured. My wife stuck in a bowl of oatmeal to cook it and after about 30 seconds there was a loud bang and she turned it off to see what had happened. The glass plate was spilt into two pieces, nearly right down the middle. Weird. The replacement part cost me another $30. Not happy about this!2. The venting fan has a flap that opens to the duct inside the wall. The hinge on this flap is very weak and we can hear it flapping about on windy days. This seems very irregular, as the kitchen wall this unit is mounted on is an inside wall, not an exterior wall, and the ductwork goes up through the roof, not to the nearest exterior wall. I really don't think it should do this. The last unit did not do this, and it's a bit irritating to hear this flap rattling and squeaking around on windy days.3. This microwave positively will not cook a good bag of microwave popping corn. What's up with that? Isn't that a basic necessity of EVERY microwave? Put in a bag of popping corn and you either get 25% of it popped with wet, greasy kernels or 75% popped and it's all burned brown and stinky. The first few times I figured my wife was losing her mind and just counldn't figure out the new unit. Well, I have now tried four different brands of popping corn and got the same results with all brands. For a family that really enjoys microwave popping corn, this was a real bummer, and the number one reason I would never recommend this microwave to another person.4. In general terms, this microwave seems underpowered. It claims to have the same wattage cooking power as the model it replaced, but I'm not seeing it. Everything takes longer to cook with this unit. Sure, in microwave terms, you're only talking about 15% longer cook times which equal out to mere seconds or a few more minutes, so it's not a lot of extra time, but it's just worse than I expected. You always kind of assume that the new model will be better than the old, but that just wasn't the case, in this instance.5. OK, this one is just personal preference and not really a problem with the unit. (I probably should have inquired about this feature before purchasing this product.) I prefer microwaves that you just pop food into, press the seconds (or minutes) you want to cook something and then press start. On this unit, you need to press a button marked cook time before you start pressing any numbers. If you press any number at the start, the unit powers up and begins cooking the food by the number of minutes assigned to that number button on the number pad. Some people may be used to this types of microwave. I am not, so I prefer the aforementioned method of cooking food. I don't need auto-programmed cook times assigned to my numbers.Overall, generally displeased with this model and would NEVER recommend it to anyone.e results with all brands. For a family that really enjoys microwave popping corn, this was a real bummer, and the number one reason I would never recommend this microwave to another person.4. In general terms, this microwave seems underpowered. It claims to have the same wattage cooking power as the model it replaced, but I'm not seeing it. Everything takes longer to cook with this unit. Sure, in microwave terms, you're only talking about 15% longer cook times which equal out to mere seconds or a few more minutes, so it's not a lot of extra time, but it's just worse than I expected. You always kind of assume that the new model will be better than the old, but that just wasn't the case, in this instance.5. OK, this one is just personal preference and not really a problem with the unit. (I probably should have inquired about this feature before purchasing this product.) I prefer microwaves that you just pop food into, press the seconds (or minutes) you want to cook something and then press start. On this unit, you need to press a button marked cook time before you start pressing any numbers. If you press any number at the start, the unit powers up and begins cooking the food by the number of minutes assigned to that number button on the number pad. Some people may be used to this types of microwave. I am not, so I prefer the aforementioned method of cooking food. I don't need auto-programmed cook times assigned to my numbers.Overall, generally displeased with this model and would NEVER recommend it to anyone.
WE had a GE microwave oven burst into flames for no apparent reason.My wife was reheating cup of coffee when the fire occurred. She cut the power and the flame immediately stopped. Her quick thinking averted what could have been a nasty housefire.It was a 2 year old GE Spacemaker Model JVM 1540DP1WW.Our previous Microwave was a similar model GE Spacemaker which quit working at age 3, but did not catch fire.GE assigned a case  1316274 I sent a report to the USPSC.While researching microwave fires today, I learned that there have been many similar fires reported to GE and the USPSC but neither party has taken any action....GE continues to sell this dangerous appliance and the FEDs continue to record the incidents, but take no action.
I've had this microwave for 2 weeks.  It works, for now.  But the interior light is already flickering while in use.  It's brand new and something is already wrong with it.  GE does not make quality microwaves and they do not stand by their products.  Betting it will only be a matter of time before it winds up in a landfill and I have buy new one.
Worse product I've ever owned, I purchased the older model JVM17501MM on 06292011 and it completely failed on 033132013, GE serviceman came to my home on 04052013 and gave me a discounted (50% pl) repair bill of $240.00. My consumer advocate at GE offered me a replacement of $250.00, funny since this item is selling all over for under $200.00. I will NEVER purchase any product from GE AGAIN. You should stay away. RUN away from this.
We own this microwave in black. Installed in 2010, slow to cook for 3 years, and finally broke in 2013 - magnetron went out. Too costly to repair, so replaced with a Whirlpool unit (fingers crossed). 3 years for an appliance that requires install - WHAT A JOKE! I also had a GE range break in less than 3 years. I own multiple rental houses and used to count on GE. Now I will NEVER buy a GE appliance again!
We bought this, from Amazon, in July.  No issues.  Installed it and it worked great--for less than 4 months.  The microwave stopped working 3 days before Thanksgiving.  Called factory service, 2 weeks.  The appointment is scheduled for 8-12.  They show up at 11:55.  They stay until 2:00--yup it's broke, but we need parts and 2 people.  2 more weeks, parts are shipped to our house and service calls to confirm they are here.  (Factory service that doesn't have parts--interesting way to do business!)  They show up at 11:58--seriously.  Two hours (and another vacation day burned) and the replacement parts are defective.  (Warm fuzzy--not!)  Two more weeks--and they canceled their appointment.  Seems it takes two people to install it and the wonderful factory service only scheduled one.    So the top of the line microwave with convection oven will spend Christmas in the garage.  My newly remodeled kitchen a gaping hole with metal mounting plate for all my guests to admire.    I have e-mailed Whirlpool--will update if and when we get this very frustrating and disappointing mess resolved.    Thinking of buying this branditem--save yourself--don't!      Update 12-28-09:  Well they canceled their appointment to fix it again.  They now have us waiting another 2 weeks before they can get someone to try and fix it.  Whirlpool customer service contacted us and said the only option we have is to get it fixed, they will not replace their defective equipment.  So it is still sitting in my garage waiting for someone to show up.      The great news is Santa did bring me a microwave to sit on my counter just in case my hopes that the repairmen soon will be here wouldn't happen.  It is a Sharp.  Bare bones model but it works! Santa is a wise man!    Oh--and where will my Whirlpool microwave be spending New Year's?  The garage.    February 28--after 5 more appointments--2 of which they failed to show Whirlpool agreed to replace the microwave.  We have the new one 3 days.  I do enjoy this microwave, I have my fingers crossed it will be reliable.      If you have problems, keep good records, stay with factory authorized service and be persistent.
We owned this unit over 3 years.  The electronics went bad after a year.  It took 6 tries to get it working.  As reported elsewhere in these reviews, the machine would turn on all by itself.  Scary and dangerous.  Whirlpool would not replace the unit.  I wonder why these units weren't recalled.    The plastic parts (not a stainless steel unit) distorted and cracked in several places.  Those parts were replaced (under a separate warranty contract) 3 times!  The unit again has cracks and no warranty.  Last week, the bottom part of the door handle pulled out of the unit; it's held in by a small rubber flange that is sandwiched between the outer glass and an inner flat plastic piece.  Websites tell me that the glass must be disassembled to get a new handle inserted!  Gad!  It's outta here.  And the real shame is that the cooking functions are excellent.  But the next one will not be a Whirlpool, nor any other of Whirlpool brands. (Whirlpool makesowns Whirlpool, KitchenAid, Admiral, Amana, Jenn-Air, Magic Chef, and Maytag.)
This microwave has more features than ANY other on the market...and aesthetically it is a work of art!  When it works, it is fabulous, unfortunately that just isn't often enough.  We had this microwave for @ 3陆 years and if we were lucky, we got 2陆 years of use our of it.  Sadly, the sophistication of this appliance seems to be its Achilles heel.  There are so many feature to break and they do!    I could accept the fact that our unit was a lemon, however this was the second unit I purchased...the first died in two days and it was decided that the retailer would just take it back.  Also, a good friend of ours purchased the same model and has had numerous issues of their own...with their door components (LCD panel, etc) replaced multiple times.    We love the microwave, but just can't handle the constant breakdowns and huge delays in repair...typically down for a month due to delays in service calls, all parts having to be ordered, then waiting for tech to come back...and in many cases, waiting for them to order more parts. When the unit is down, not only don't you have a microwave, you don't have an exhaust fan, so there's an impact to all of your cooking!    Below is a recap (of the items I could remember) of our Whirlpool adventure:    Microwave Purchased - 9707  Warranty Issues:  62308 - Glass turntable shattered when sizzle pan was heating, LCD display issues  7108 -- Service Call - Parts ordered  71708 - Replaced several parts, issue not resolved - Parts ordered  81108 - Replaced several parts, issue not resolved - Parts ordered  81808 - Replaced several parts, issue not resolved - Parts ordered  9408 - Replaced 17 parts - Issue resolved    Extended (3rd party) Warranty:  1292009 - No display on LCD, unit non-functional  2?2009 - Replaced Control board, connector  12142009 - Magnetron not heatingcooling fan not running.  Tech was onsite for approx 5 min, did littleno testing and decided to order AC Filter board (along with previously broken plastic components from earlier repairs)  12242009 - Tech determined incorrect part (AC filter board) ordered, so placed order for 19 additional parts and left with no further action.  172010 - Replaced 19 parts - didn't fix original issue (Magnetron not heatingcooling fan not running) and caused a new issue - exhaust fan not functioning - this was a 6 hour service call.  Six additional parts ordered - microwave left in pieces and not re-installed on wall.  11410 - Tech replaced 6 additional parts (3 hr call), (LCD control board, upper front plastic frame, magnetron cooling fan, wiring harnesses).  Issue with exhaust fan was determined to be bad new relay control board (replaced on last call).  Tech installed original board (which had a visible burn mark on it and unit worked.  Tech order new relay control board.  - Unit worked when tech's left, however by the end of the day, the display was flashing and non-functional.   12010 - Control board arrived and installed and the exhaust fan did not work, and issue with the LCD was not resolved.  Re-installed original relay control board and exhaust fan worked, LCD issue still occuring.  12110 - Tech attempted to address issues and after having signifigant problems, escalated to advance support.  It ws determined that the unit was not repairable.  2510 - 3rd party warranty company issued a check for the full purchase price of the unit.
I bought this microwave a few years back. Broke a year ago, waited a year to get it fix. This morning technician replaced inverter, worked......than he noticed it was on and off heating. Didn't warm up a cup of water. Told me the magnetron would need to be replaced. All about $500. STAY AWAY! Can't believe I spent $1,000 on this and 3 years later it's near the curb.......damn.....what an idiot I am....thanks Whirlpool...
I am completely disappointed in this microwave.  It stopped working after about 16 months, hence it was beyond warranty.  Every microwave I have ever owned has lasted at least 5 years!  Now Whirlpool wants to charge me $100.00 service fee?  This despite all of the documented magnetron issues in the reviews, yet they claim to not have any documented problems with this model.  DO NOT purchase a microwave from Whirlpool.  It's beautiful to look at, but now it's just a giant (pricey) paperweight hanging above my range.  I'll never buy anything from them again! It doesn't DESERVE a star, and neither does Whirlpool's customer service!
What I like about the WhirlpoolKitchen Aid microwaves is they offer models with Accuwave cooking.  When you cook at 50% power, it cooks at 50% power rather than cycling on and off at 100% power, for 50% of the time.  This makes a massive difference on how things cook.  We previously had a GH5184XPS with Accuwave that lasted 4 years before it stopped cooking.  It was starting to not look so nice from normal use, so I decided to go with a new one instead of repairing the old one.      After the new microwave was installed, I tried a cup of water in it.  When I started it, it sounded like an arc welder, and when I looked at the plastic panel on the right side where the magnetron is, it looked like an arc torch flame.  I quickly turned it off so it wouldn't burn the place down.  They took it back and gave me another.  The very night we got it, we were making popcorn in the special Microwave Popcorn bowl, which we had used for years with our other microwaves.  Within a minute, we got an F7 - Call For Service code.  They offered to exchange it for a new one, but didn't have another, but told me they could sell me the new 5184, and updated model of our old one.  I noticed that the new one had a broiler, slightly different menus, $50 cheaper, and we had good luck with our previous 5184.  However, after it was installed, the cook said, this doesn't cook right.  I checked it out.  The updated 5184 no longer has Accuwave.  That isn't how it was represented, so I gave them their $50 back and had them order another one of these from the factory.  That went along for 3 days before we noticed that part way through the cooking time, the magnetron noise would stop, the fan speed up, the light got brighter, and the food stopped cooking.  Since the chicken was still pink, I added 2 minutes at full power, and immediately received an F7 code.  The problem actually started when it stopped cooking during the previous operation.  You don't get the F7 until you try to start it again,and the magnetron doesn't start.  We couldn't trust it with chicken.  We avoided certain foods and alternated between manual and automatic cycles to get around the F7 codes.  As time progressed, we could do less and less.  Now, you can't even trust it to finish a bowl of oatmeal.      That was enough for me.  There is no possibility of buying a good one from the factory, so there is no point in getting another new one.  Thus, I decided I would use warranty service to see if they can put in good parts that WILL work.  The dealer-recommended warranty repair source wouldn't take the job when he learned which model it was.  Whirlpool got another company to come the following morning.  They put a large bowl of water in the microwave to test it, and could find nothing wrong.  They said their manual doesn't even list an F7 code.  There is nothing easier on a microwave than a large bowl of water.  I went on the internet and printed off one of a myriad of postings about F7 for this microwave model, with detail instructions on how to troubleshoot.  Then I put real food in the microwave and showed them how easy it is to get an F7.  Included in the troubleshooting instructions were comments from the techs that service these every day who state that they always go through the procedure to eliminate any other causes, but it always ends up being the expensive microprocessor board.  The on-site techs did not follow the checklist, and called the factory.  The factory told them they will send them a switch to try.  (I was hoping it would be the thermal switch, but the techs indicated it was not.)  The on-site techs reminded the factory that the problem starts mid-cycle.  The factory came back with, as it gets hotter, the switch contacts may be increasing resistance, causing the problem.  I could repeat the F7 at will.  They did not check the switch for high resistance nor follow the factory procedure to troubleshoot the F7 error.  Next Wednesday, the switch is scheduled to be delivered, and the techs will be returning to put it in.  The service company also had little confidence in the factory's recommendation, but they have to do what the factory says.  Perhaps the fist service company has gone through this before and may be why they wouldn't take the job for this model.      I've been through 3 of this model, and 4 installs, since April 5 2011, and I don't have a good microwave yet.  They've eaten up more of my time than the microwave is worth.  Now it's my turn.  I will make it my personal mission to require them to keep sending technicians to my house to fix this model until it works as advertised, on real food, or supply me with a model of equal to or greater value, that works as advertised, for free, and with a new warranty.
We bought this microwave in the summer of 2011. It did not heat even when first installed. Whirlpool sent a repairman who fixed it, only after three months of work and making several orders for different parts. Six months later, it stopped heating again. We have asked for a replacement but Whirlpool will only send the repairman again. They will not replace the product even though we have been unable to use it less than half the time we have owned it. This product is a lemon and not supported by the manufacturer. I have read many other reviews that indicate the same thing. We will never buy Whirlpool or any other brand made by this company again! We desire to buy American, but not at the cost of buying inferior products from a company with lousy customer service!
This microwave looks great and I really like the 34;30 second34; feature. It also has a unique footprint that works well for kitchens with limited counterspace. BUT for $150, it should have lasted longer than 14 months. After 6 months, it started making a very labored noise after being on for more than about a minute. At 14 months, it caught on fire while I was trying to warm up a cup of coffee. For my next microwave, I will buy something that looks less sexy, for less money, and hope that it will be more durable.
If you're looking for a space saver, this is the microwave for you.  If fits so well in the corner of the counter top and I have twice the space I had when my old bulky clunker was still on the counter.  I haven't found a plate yet that doesn't fit in the microwave and only one conatiner was too tall to fit, but even that wasn't critical...just used another container.  The power is suffiecient for warming and cooking most foods.  I do wish it had a few more watts; around 1000 would be perfect.  Over all the compromise in power is well worth the additional space.  Controls are very simple although, I do wish I could increase the time in more than 30 second increments.Service was terrific!  The first unit arrived damaged by the shipper.  Replacement was fast and problem free.
Oh my gosh!!! This is fantastic!! It saved sooooo much counter space. We have a family of 3 and it suits us perfectly. I had one of the big stainless microwaves, just took up so much counter space.Only down side is you cannot type in a specific time for something to heat. You press the start button and it's automatic 30 seconds (press twice, 60...and so on) now that it's been a few weeks, I don't really miss the number bad. I'd rather save the space!!
Lasted 1 12 years.  Flimsy cardboard inlet cover on the left side of microwave, naturally absorbed some food during use.  Now, this cardboard has somewhat deteriorated, the machine is simply a very large fire hazard.  Catches fire immediately.  Not safe, terrible design.
Fits a cup of coffee, dinner plate and popcorn. What else do you need? Fits perfect in my cabinet out of site!
I got this because it was touted as a mini-microwave. Of course, I am capable of reading the dimensions, which I did, but when it arrived it still seemed shockingly huge for a mini or compact microwave. It simply won't work with my limited counter-space. I don't know how well it works, because after trying it in various spots, I put it right back in the box. BTW, it is $30 to send back, so make sure you want it before you order.
I'm working on my second one of these. I returned the first one because I thought it was defective. It now turns out that they ALL are. If you set the time for more than a minute or two (I discovered this with a 4 minute cook time), at the end of the time, the clock cycles and then the micro starts running again for 30 MINUTES! After a week or so, I noticed that it was also starting up by itself even if it hadn't been used for a while. Major fire hazard! I had to start unplugging it between uses. Meanwhile, dealer would not take it back. I had to go through Whirlpool. They have non-existent customer service! They say they are going to call and never do. They say they are replacing it but it will be at least three weeks and then no one ever shows up. The dealer finally agreed to give me another one and deal with Whirlpool themselves. But now I find that the new one does the same thing: on longer cook times (e.g., 4.5 minutes), it starts up again for 30 minutes. I fear it will start turning itself on again. Has anyone had this same experience? Does anyone know of a fix? I'm being forced to replace it with some other model after only a few weeks because it scares me.
I so wanted this small microwave to work.  My plates fit, a small cup fits, but my normal coffee mug is too tall.  The inside is only 5.5 inches high from the rotating plate, not 6-3434; as the website describes.  So my 634; coffee mug doesn't fit.  Returned.If Whirlpool would make the same mike to hold 1234; plates and a 734; mug, I would buy that.  A little more power would be nice too.
fits perfect and works great never thought I would find one that would fit my kitchen in stainless steel look
My wife bought this microwave locally.    Her story:  - - -  I was unpacking it and I reached inside to remove the shipping cardboard.  Then I see some cardboard on the side and I took my fingernail and lifted it, and tore it out. Then I see a bunch of holes and a hole at the top where the cardboard was. Uh-oh! What did I just do? It is as thin as the cardboard on a school notebook, the thin kind, but it is silver in the light.  It looks like cardboard when you open the door. But how can that be, that I could take my fingernail and rip it out? And this is supposed to last for how long?    I called Whirlpool customer service, and the rep said she will send me the part. Then her manager said they don't have any parts so there is nothing they can do because I broke it. What? I ripped it with my fingernails and you are telling me this would have lasted how long anyhow?    I politely asked to speak with the supervisor. That took 15 minutes and he was so arrogant. But mam, you broke it. IT LOOKED LIKE cardboard and I ripped it with my fingernail. There is nothing we can do for you.    I can't take it back because the local store said that Whirlpool won't take it back. I will run the microwave until it dies and NOT BUY ANOTHER THING FROM WHIRLPOOL. I will call the attorney general and make a complaint against them.    I will never buy this again, or any appliance from Kitchenaid, Whirlpool, or Maytag! (And we currently have a refrigerator and dishwasher from them.)  - - -    I wish we would have bought this through Amazon.  At least then we would have a better chance to return it.    We got this one because we are replacing a Samsung microwave oven which was fantastic.  I would say it was at least 15 years old.  It had the controls along the top which was a terrific approach to making a compact, usable microwave with a small horizontal footprint and large interior.  Samsung no longer makes a similar design.    The only microwave ovens we've been able to find with a numeric keypad on the top are commercial versions which run over $800.  We hoped this one would be acceptable, but it's not.  The controls on the bottom are even worse than the side from a usability point of view.  We find ourselves bending over to see the labels on the buttons.  We really miss the numeric keypad, also.  With your head higher than the microwave, it makes so much sense to present the controls closer to your eyes.    This was a big mistake.
And when that is the most positive thing you can say about an appliance you know there isn't much left to work with.  The power is lacking and the controls are confusing.  It's the year 2012, there is no reason to need to keep the instruction manual for a microwave oven handy so guests can use it.  I gave it two stars because it does free up extra counter space.
I bought this microwave almost a year ago. Love it. Quality is good enough ( I do not use it too often). I really in love with the design.
As all the other reviews have said, the footprint of this microwave is fantastic. I can't believe other companies have not copied the shape of this microwave. I now have so much more room on my counter.The only quirk that takes a little getting used to is not having number keys to punch in the time. The start button adds thirty seconds every time it's hit or you can add the + key to get a more accurate time. I always use my microwave for quick reheating so it's not a big deal to me. Worth getting used to for the extra space gained. Plus, it microwaves as quickly as its replacement even though the wattage is less.
I love this microwave. Small is what I needed but, wow what great extra features and it is beautiful. I am beyond happy! Yes it is small but, that is what I needed and what I am used to. I can't get my largest dinner plate in but, I can get my smaller ones in. I love how the back is rounded. I had a Sharp Half Pint that finally died after 24 yrs. This has way more features than the Sharp. I have very little counter space so, thank goodness I found this. Yes, it is pricey but, well worth the money to me. UPDATE 62;62;62;I  purchased it 122014 and it died April 3rd2015. Whirlpool has been  very nice and will be sending a replacement.
It microwaves leftovers and it fits in the corner with a relatively small footprint.  That's all I ask from it.  Wish it came with a low profile plug but I figured out a way to make it work.
I love this microwave. I only require quick reheating or a baked potato every once in awhile. It's the perfect size!
This microwave is great for portability and also defrosts meats well without over doing it.It looks good in the kitchen and is good for basic use as long as your not in a hurry.It has no power compared to a full size one.What takes 30 seconds in my old panasonic takes 1 12 minutes in this one. Thats reheating a cup of coffee.We keep the old micro plugged in, in the basement if we need larger things heated quicker and to be HOT.Reheating leftovers takes much longer. Point being if your into getting things heated quickly this is not the microwave for you.It has an annoying beep that continuously goes off about every 30 seconds after something has been heated until you open the door. Like you need to be reminded. Just another electronic noise nobody needs.Its expensive for what you get. You are paying for portability.
It's rather small on the outside, and just big enough on the inside.  Everyone who comes over thinks it's a TV.
I love this. The cord is on the right, and short, I could have used the word on the left but other than that (because of my outlet location) it deserves a full 5 stars. It does reach to my outlet, but would have been nicer on the left for the location I have the microwave. Other than that, I love this little microwave, I do have too cook things 30-60 seconds longer however, the space I save it worth the extra cooking time. Heats up food, frozen vegetables, and makes small bagged popcorn perfectly. Fits a full sized plate or paper plate, fits a 1034; bowl about 5 inches high and that leaves some space too the top. This is not for cooking meals, small things only in my opinion and just what I needed and wanted.
The appliance fits neatly my new kitchen perfectly, we hardly notice it is even there. The function works with all the setting of a regular machine, it just a lot smaller, the size a large dinner plate. I love it!
Whirlpool's description of this microwave is spot on.The only thing that would be nice would be a numeric keypad, but there really isn't space given the compact design.We have oversized dinner plates, and they fit in here with very little to spare, which means this microwave is perfect for us.
Easy to use and doesn't take up alot of counter space. Also sits higher so it is easy to clean. A little shorter in height inside but it is just used for heating up food, not cooking a ham or turkey in it.
From the moment I took it out of the box, it looked beautiful, fit perfect in my small newly remodeled kitchen and works great! I put some money into my new kitchen with a very nice looking back splash in tile and glass. I did not want my old LARGE white microwave oven taking up one entire wall. I don't use the microwave that much, so this is perfect.  It's not all that powerful but if you are buying something to heat things up or make popcorn AND you want style and beauty - this is it!
This microwave is fine. It is not great. It takes three and a half minutes to warm up a cup of coffee, but since that is its only function on our counter it is doing its job, just slower than some of the more powerful ones. Its size is definitely a plus and fits in a wee corner. Its not having more programable numbers is annoying as one has to hold the button as the time counts up incrementally, but for a cup warmer it will do.
It met all my needs regarding space, looks like a TV, works well and you don't need a college degree to operate. Very pleased with this products. Little pricey but worth it.
It works, nothing fancy, no bells and whistles. It's small its basic and that's all I needed. Big enough to fit a dinner plate and small enough to push into a corner, perfect.
Exactly what I wanted! It's the perfect fit. Works just fine... Bye bye bulky hand me down... I'm handing you down, lol
I have a tiny kitchen and was replacing an over the range microwave. I was looking for a space saver microwave, and I found it. It is large enough to handle anything my old microwave could do like day to day tasks of reheating, baking potatoes, and other small food items.
I bought this microwave for my first apartment which has extremely limited counter space.  This tucks nicely in the corner that typically isn't usable space and allows me to still have enough room on the counter for food prep.  It heats food very evenly and fits a full sized dinner plate in it.  Even if I eventually move into a place with a larger kitchen, I'd likely keep this microwave since it works so well.
This is perfect for one plate! It nice to have a microwave big enough to cook a turkey, but honesty, who ever cooked a turkey in a microwave? This is perfect and the round design means it fits a plate in a very small space! I got one for my mom, too, and she loves it! She finally threw out her old huge microwave and reclaimed counter space! My only wish would be that it was a full 1000 watts (it's 750) just so it would match the cook times on most microwave meals and recipes.
I bought this for my truck to use off of an inverter but it was so attractive and functional that the wife made off with it. Overruled. It does look nice in the kitchen. Fits great in the corner and looks good there.
This is a great little microwave. It fits perfectly in my tiny space so that I have a little more needed counter space than I did with my larger microwave
After installing a new double oven to replace a single with a microwave combo I was left in need of a countertop microwave. It had to be small so as not to take up counterspace and I needed blue display lights to match all of my other appliances' light displays (things like that annoy me). Black or silver...all my appliances are stainless and my granite is black. This is perfect. Fits in the corner and easy to use. Looks like an odd little tv...which I like since I like quirky looking things that do their job. I boght several other microwaves these past few weeks- pure stainless...blck...larger...even the nostalgia retro one...all went back...this one is perfect. I don't do major cooking in a microwave and if takes a few seconds longer, well, it really does not matter as we are all in too big of a rush anyway:)
This is a truly compact microwave.  I wanted something with a small footprint but functions well.  This oven has fit the bill.  It sits in a corner on my counter.  As some have mentioned you can't program the time you want but have to hit the controls to add 5 seconds or 30 seconds.  This aspect is not ideal but also not big large problem.  I am very satisfied with this purchase
I love this microwave.  It is the perfect size for a small space, it looks nice, and it cooks well for a 750 watt.  The first one I received would not latch and Whirlpool took care of sending me a new one and picking up the old one, even though I did not purchase it directly from them.
This is just adorable; not quite the power of my old AND HUGE microwave oven.  This one is SLEEK and SMALL and very high-tech looking.  It tucks in under my kitchen countertop and in a corner, out of the way.  I have to nuke things a bit longer with this one, but that's okay.
Perfect for a small family home, dorm or guest house.  Although the controls are not conventional they are excellent once you understand them.  The bottom slides too easily on counter tops every time you pull open the door; easily corrected by adding a pad or rubber feet.  Available at a big box store with blue logo for twenty bucks less.
I had found a small blue cube micro wave some years ago.  After 16 years of service it finally wore out.  I love the cube shape and took a risk on ordering this little gem.  I couldn't be happier.  It is the great same size, the outside is fabulous and it has more power than the last microwave. Would not hesitate to purchase this again! Totally worth the price.
I have a super small kitchen and this microwave fits perfectly inside. It works great and looks pretty cool.  I was hesitant about it fitting a large dinner plate but it does!!! So, it works for all my needs. Maybe the only downside is that you can basically only set it in 30 second intervals but that is normally the type of microwave cooking I do anyway so it's fine for me.
Bought this for a small kitchen, it fits nicely in the corner and works great. Seems to be well-made. Although it is lower wattage, I have not had to significantly increase the cooking time, and I can fit a plate or even cookreheat in a round 2qt dish. The beep is a little loud but otherwise no complaints.
Wouldn't work.  Have to return it.  The word 'door' keeps showing up as if there is a problem with the door.There is no problem.
While I love the shape of the microwave (it does fit perfectly in a corner), the turntable is defective and does not turn.  Upon removing the packaging, I immediately turned the microwave on and placed a cup of water in it to see if it was heating ok, walked off a minute and when I returned the water was very hot.  I thought eveyrthing was ok, so I threw the packaging away.  A few days later, I put a plate of food in the microwave to heat it up and that's when I noticed the turntable was not turning!  I opened the door, checked the wheels it revolves on, replaced the glass, gave the glass a little turn and still nothing.  I tried even placing things of different weights on it, sometimes it would turn a little like it was trying to turn but then would abruptly stop.  So buyers beware, I would not purchase this item.
Very disappointed, because this is the perfectly shaped microwave for our kitchen. But my husband reported a big, scary electrical storm (and bad smell = burning machine?) inside the unit yesterday, along with a weird dark brown spot on the inside of the machine. He was melting butter in a Pyrex bowl. Today, the microwave is headed for appliance recycling.Importantly, we only used the unit at most once or twice per day, to warm or melt things.
This product sucks ass when I received it doesn't work and have tryed and tryed to exchange it but whirlpool does not and will not stand behind there products
Microwave didn't work when I received it.  It was really disappointing.  It was a great looking microwave but very sad to have to return it.
This is by far the best microwave I've ever owned, of any size or price, for two reasons: (1) form factor and (2) simplicity of controls. I use a microwave to heat leftovers, cook frozen meals, make popcorn, melt butter or cheese, thaw frozen meat, reheat cold coffee, freshen stale bread of make it into croutons, cook sausages and hot dogs etc. I use this microwave several times per day.  I think my microwave usage is pretty typical.  The only thing I don't do in the microwave is prepare entrees from scratch (like cooking a roast or casserole). I've cooked all sizes of frozen entrees with no issues. Note, my review refers to an earlier model of this machine, which seems identical to this one that has replaced it.(1) Form factor. Because the guts of the machine are under the cooking chamber, this has the smallest possible footprint.  And because of the rounded back, I have it tucked into a corner of the countertop. This means I lose only 1' of countertop, and furthermore it's an awkward part of the countertop I wouldn't use for prep work etc because my elbow would bang into the fridge. Every other microwave I've ever owned took up 2' of prime, useable countertop. This makes such a huge difference in the usability and appearance of the kitchen that I'd give it five stars for this reason alone.The interior size of this machine is bigger than you'd think because it's round and all the space is useable. The round turntable entirely fills the rounded shape of the interior. An advantage of this is that nothing falls off into the corners as it cooks. I've occasionally thawed something bigger then the turntable (the sides and front of the microwave are square so this is possible) and it wasn't a problem.(2) Controls. I love love love the simplicity of the controls. It does exactly everything I need it to do in a way that is completely intuitive and simple. I should mention I own an Emerson microwave in my office that I have never yet beenable to figure out how to operate (and I'm of at least normal intelligence). The hated Emerson has lots of buttons and I'm sure it does a lot of things I don't need, but none of that matters because I'm not willing to learn a complex and counterintuitive interface to cook a frozen lunch entree. This Whirlpool, however, is amazing.  It has Power, Defrost, Reheat and Popcorn buttons, as well as a Plus (+) and Minus (-) and a Start and a Stop. I accomplish everything with the Plus, Minus. Start and Stop, and occasionally Power.To operate, you can just press the Plus until you reach the time you want, then press Start. Bam. You can't get any easier than that. The time increments get larger as you increase time, and this is absolutely not a problem. It uses 5 second increments up to 2 minutes, then 15 second increments to 3 minutes, then 30 second increments up to six minutes, then one minute increments from there. This is fine; I've never had an issue where using 6 or 7 minutes instead of 6.5 minutes caused a meal to fail (my pot pies call for 6.5 minutes at 50% power, and they're fine at either 6 or 7.  When I make popcorn, I always listen to the popping and stop it when it slows. That's because popping times depend much more on the freshness and moisture content of the kernels than the power of the microwave; this is true of every microwave. Similarly, when I'm thawing something I pay attention to the progress of it because again, the fat content of the food and how hard it's frozen makes all the difference in timing. I suspect there are fancy convention microwaves with thermal probes that allow completely mindless use, but that kind of ultra high-end microwave isn't what I want or need.I've been using an earlier model of this microwave for three years with absolutely no problem. I can't speak to specific reliability of the model here, but mine is the same in layout of controls, form factor, etc, so I would not hesitate to buy this one. In factI'm very tempted to buy one of these for the office and get rid of that annoying Emerson once and for all.
I live in a small house (400 sf) so I don't have much room for anything. This may be too soon for a review (as I just received the microwave y'day) but so far it's just perfect. I love that the controls are on the bottom instead of on the side, as my microwave cubby is only 16.5 inches wide. I like the style and the easy setup, as well. It's perfect for an apartment, dorm room, or office kitchen.One thing to note - on the inside left wall (if you're facing the microwave), there's what looks like a cardboard panel screwed into the wall by the vent. There isn't anything definitive about what to do about this panel, and since it looks like it could possibly be removed, I called Whirlpool customer service to get some clarification. Long story short - don't remove the panel, it's supposed to be there.Other than that momentary confusion, I'm really happy with this product.
I purchased this microwave in February, 2014. It was  perfect size but stopped working within three months.  After contact with Whirlpool via phone and email, I was told by the Whirlpool Product Review Board to dispose of it in accordance with law because there was no dealer where I lived to return it to.  I took it to my local metals' disposal site and provided proof of compliance to Whirlpool.  The Whirlpool Product Review Board then promised repeatedly over a three-month period that a check would be sent for the purchase price.  They apologized for the delay, at one time emailing to me that my Buy Back Check order was stuck in the system.  Then, after three months of promises, Whirlpool stopped all communication with me. More than two more months have passed since then and I still haven't received my Buy-Back check. I don't expect to get one.  Do not buy this product.  You can see from several of the reviews that you risk buying a lemon.  In my case, I lost $152.78 and spent many, many hours, time and money doing exactly what Whirlpool told me to do to collect on the warranty.  Whirlpool apparently does not honor it's warranties, at least not for this product.P.S. 10 days after this review was posted, Whirlpool issued a refund check.
Has been owned for less than a year.. started sparking and had to stop using.  Now shopping for a new one.
We needed a small microwave for a small space, and this fits perfectly ... but:  very low power (takes a long time); not tall enough for many things (have to transfer contents to shorter vessels); extremely loud beeping that can't be turned off.
Oven came quickly and well packaged and protected.  Gave it a try last night. I'm in the middle of some inside renovation, and used the microwave to have something quick to eat. Things I like about this oven,  is the  pull to open door, and being able to heat food using 15 second increments.  You can also adjust cooking times while the oven is in use. One other feature I really like is that the power cord is not ridiculously long.  You can plug this oven in and not have the cord showing from behind the microwave.This is a very solid oven and am pleased with my  purchase though it is a bit higher than most models.  Curved design of the oven also makes cleaning quicker and easier.
Bought to fit in an 18 kitchen base cabinet, hidden behind a door. 1000 watts would be better, but this is the only choice for my requirements. I like the simple controls, as I use it only to rewarm leftovers and melt butter and chocolate.
We bought this microwave less than three years ago. It was handy and compact. It has now burned out in a spectacular and very dangerous flashing of fire and loud noises. Buy something else!
My wife wanted a smaller microwave for the counter top.  This was perfect --- at least for 28 days.On the 28th day - all the controls appeared to work but the unit no longer heated.Amazon's return policy was to issue a refund - I wanted it fixed so I contacted Whirlpool directly.  They stated the product had a full replacement guarantee for 12 months and that I would receive a call within 48 hours on how to get the unit fixed or replaced.It's now one week later - no response from Whirlpool and I can no longer get a response from them regarding the commitment they made me a week ago.I decided to contact Amazon about the issue.  Amazon is sending me a return label and issuing a refund.  (I should have done THIS in the first place and never bothered with Whirlpool).I just ordered my SECOND unit from Amazon --- I'm hoping this one will last longer than 28 days.I would give the unit 5 stars if it had not failed --- now only 3.  If the second one fails - I'll drop it to 1 or zero stars.I give Amazon 5 stars for service on this item.Joe
I bought this micro to go on my boat because of its compact size and can fit into a corner.  Even rebuilt my cabinet on the boat to accomodate it. Now I have found out it will not operate on an inverter
I got this to save counterspace and the fact I only use the microwave for reheating small meals and popcorn.  It performs these functions perfectly.  It may not have the most power but if another 30-60 seconds of reheating time is going to throw your day off, you have bigger problems than this microwave.
I only use a microwave to reheat coffee so when I bought my new house and it didn't have a microwave in the kitchen I was kind of like, meh, no biggie. However, after several weekends of cold coffee I caved and went looking for a small microwave that would look cute on the kitchen counter without taking up too much space. I AM SO FREAKING HAPPY WITH THIS. It's literally the most adorable microwave that you could ever want. If you do 34;cooking34; with a microwave, then this isn't your best option. But if you're looking for something to heat up a beverage or reheat something small then this guy is great for you. Have I mentioned how cute it is?!
Look around at microwaves and you will typically see they are all the same rectangular shape. If you live in a small apartment, counter space is typically premium real estate and a microwave eats up quite a bit of that space. That was the case in our place. We had our old microwave on top of the refrigerator because we couldn't sacrifice what little counter space we had. That had its own problems because neither one of us is tall so reaching up with a spatula to remove a microwave dish had a few drop events. Not fun.Our old one recently conked out so off I went in search of a small unit. I saw this one and had a Eureka moment. Since it is only about 14 inches wide, I thought it would fit in the corner next to the coffee maker and once set up, it's great. It does take up space but there is now room for the essentials on the counter since this tucks nicely into the corner.The only issue that we had with this unit is that we have the old school laminated counter top in beige in our kitchen and sliding this into the corner resulted in black lines being drawn on the formica from the feet of the microwave. A magic eraser got rid of that.The other minor thing is that when on the laminate counter, the microwave slides when you try to open the door. They should have built this with non-slip feet. I cut a couple of squares of that non-slip grip stuff that's sold just about everywhere and that solved the problem.The inside of this unit is very small. Keep that in mind. It is a tall unit, but the cooking space is not conducive to a tall item. You can put a 4 inch call mug in there with no problem. I would not go above 5 inches in height for any item put in here. 5 1234; would leave only a very thin space at the top and I don't know how that would work out.These small things are well worth it to regain precious counter space.
I ordered this microwave to replace an over the over microwave we had that stopped working. We wanted something small since we realized we don't use on much anymore except for frozen vegetables and reheating coffee. We needed a small microwave that would fit in a small area. This was the only corner model microwave I could find anywhere online. It is very cute and looks like an old-school television set. The controls are very simple, there is no number pad, you use the + and - minus signs to adjust cook time. This microwave also has a built in timer  which was also very nice. At only 750 watts, it seems to cook at the same rate as out old 1100 watt microwave.Although the price was  higher that a comprable-sized microwave, the size and shape make it worth the extra money.
We needed a small microwave when we moved into a small condo with very little counter space. Most of the reviews said this was the perfect solution and it is. It takes up very little room, plus it fits easily into a corner. It has a rotating glass tray that holds a standard size dinner plate. It's tall enough to fit a 16 ounce mug with room to spare, but it is shorter than many standard microwaves. It has digital controls that are very simple but work just fine. We're older and actually really appreciate that simplicity. Some things take longer to cook but not by much.If you want all the bells and whistles and to be able to zap things quickly, this is not the microwave for you. On the other hand, if you need a smaller microwave that is easy to use and very sturdy I definitely recommend this one. We love it!
We've had the big 'ol 34;over-the-range massive GE microwave that was powerful enough to cook a buffalo and was big enough to fit the beast inside but, when we redesigned our kitchen and put in a new pro-style stove and an elegant curved glass vent over it, that oversized radar box had to go! But what to get to replace it? Looked at all the allegedly compact countertop units and rejected every one of them -- 34;compact34; they were not!And then we found this Whirlpool TV set, er, I mean microwave! Whomever designed this deserves a Nobel Prize for peace, physics and common sense!! It looks just like a cute little old school TV set. Imagine that! A cute microwave oven! But what's even better is how this thing disappears right into the corner of our new countertop. Somehow they figured out how to use the corner to their design advantage and here's the best: you can place a full-size 1134; dinner plate inside! How'd they do that??!!Negatives? Nothing terrible. Yes, it's only 750 watts vs the 1200 of our former 34;beast-master34; machine but, as another reviewer said, just 'cause it fits a turkey and has the power to cook it doesn't mean ya should!! We use our microwave for vegetables, eggs, liquids, popcorn -- all of which the new cute Whirlpool TVmicrowave thingee will do just fine. Takes an extra 15-30 seconds because of the lower power. That just gives me a little extra time to stare at this awesome box and marvel at how truly cool it is.And speaking of boxes, this is serious out-of-the-box thinking about appliances and how they fit into our lifestyles. Major kudos to Whirlpool for taking the initiative to see things a little different. Steve Jobs would have loved this microwave -- form and style perfectly matched with function. It's time for you other lazy manufacturers to up your game.Bottom line? Outstanding microwave!
This microwave isn't perfect but it's perfect for me. Some folks would think it's a little loud, both while running and the beeper. It takes a little longer to heat than larger units but that's to be expected. Those are minor issues for me. It's just the right size and fits nicely in the dead space of a corner. Has freed up counter top space. It heats frozen food just fine and that's all I use it for. If I were asked what needs improving, I'd like to be able to key in the heating time rather than push the button up and down. And backlighting for the buttons. Overall, it fits my needs.
I love this microwave.  It takes up barely any space on the counter, and the cord is well hidden behind it.  It works fine for just heating things up and defrosting.  The only thing to be aware of is that this really is a tiny microwave. You can fit a full size dinner plate, but there is not a lot of height inside.  I couldn't use my microwave rice cooker in this because it was too tall, so I had to purchase a counter top rice cooker instead, which doesn't seem to work as well.  Other than that, this microwave looks good on the counter and does the job.
I like this microwave, EXCEPT the door is NOT always close right.. as you close it, it's almost as if it was installed a bit lower than it needs to be to close securely. The family is ALWAYS complaining about it:(  Also, for the size of this thing, I thought it would be a tiny bit taller INSIDE. Our freezer makes ice-cream VERY HARD so we 'nuke' it for maybe a minute to get it softer before serving- the round ice-cream container cannot fit upright in it.  Some cups do not fit either.The PLUS side of this tho, is that it DOES fit snugly into a corner! THAT is the only thing that sells it, in my opinion. I have NO IDEA WHY, it is so big  bulky for the size it actually IS, on the inside!? There is a solid 534; of 'bulk' at the bottom, another 334; at the top and about 6  3434; of height INSIDE.... and that does NOT include the plate  roller.... so you TRULY ONLY HAVE a microwave that is 5  34 INCHES tall inside!! ... The PLATE within, is an 1134; plate, but it is very close to the edge. ALSO, the bottom roller that holds the plate in place- is in TWO PARTS, rather than ONE. If this roller gets off the other piece... it makes a rattling noise  makes you think there is something very wrong with it.We only use a microwave for warming things, reheating pizza, a cup of coffee etc., and this does that job very well, however, for $150, I would have absolutely RETURNED IT- had I not lived on an island in Alaska, where the shipping would have KILLED  me :(
This Whirlpool WMC2005YW 0.5 cubic feet countertop microwave oven is the best microwave we have ever had. We sold our house, where we had a built-in micro, and moved into a condo 4 years ago and bought a small Haier. The only thing good about the Haier was,  it was small, so when it blew out we had to go small again. I totally counted on the reviews for this micro and, thank you everybody, you are so right! I got the white one because my counters are white and it is so cute, just nestled into that small space. The best part is that it really works well. We feared making popcorn, which the Haier never, and I mean never, did well. Always burnt no matter what we tried. This Whirlpool made perfect popcorn at 2 12 minutes. We snack on it every night and the bag fits in perfectly with room to spare. It will fit a dinner plate easily and heats evenly. There is a 30 second button, start, stop, and a clock that also doubles as a timer. We have never used the auto buttons. I would buy this again in a minute.
Fits beautifully in a corner of my kitchen so much better than a full sized rectangular one ever did.  Because the controls are on the bottom (instead of the side) the door is higher and it easily clears the edge of the sink next to it and, occasionally, drying dishes without having to move anything.Love the sleekness of the look and simplicity of the controls.  Miss the number pad a bit, but knew it didn't have one when I bought it and am quickly adjusting.  Power control and basic instructions on what setting to use have been helpful (couldn't even figure out power setting on previously owned machine!).  Oh and the very short beeps at the end of a cycle are not nearly as annoying as the longer ones on other models I have owned.We typically use for reheating food (single or multiple servings) or beverages and the occasional bowl of popcorn and it heats quite well.  In fact, the popcorn button is the only part I completely dislike, as it is preset for only 1.75 oz bags and cannot be changed.  We gave up preservative laden pre-packaged bags of popcorn years ago in favor of real kernels using a special bowl or paper bag, so the popcorn setting is useless for us.  Have not noticed any difference in heating between this and previous full size model we owned, except that beverages seem to heat faster.  Full sized plates fit and have had no issue with container heights (even my large popcorn bowl fits nicely).Bought the white version online at Home Depot, as their price was actually better than Amazon's and included free delivery as well.  Definitely recommend to anyone looking for a smaller microwave.
I would never have bought this appliance if I had known the inlet cover (which seems like just a piece of cardboard) is just tacked on the inside of the microwave.  I've never seen that before.  It's not listed in the item description. I guess I didn't read enough of the product reviews.  While I do cover food in the microwave, it seems like it will get dirty and then damaged by things like butter from popcorn that will randomly leak out of the bag during popping.  Reviews for generic replacement inlet covers of this type say that they may catch fire due to food residue that is hard to clean off.
I like the form, fits well in the corner of our counter.  Fairly weak strength but adequate for heating up a bowl of food.  Biggest issue is that it is now DEAD! after only 4 months of use.  Still trying to get Whirlpool to fix or replace it but customer service has not been stellar.  Day 5 after contacting them but still trying to reach the person I need.
Was great until I opened the door and the microwave inlet cover is (what???) CARDBOARD (???) which I touched and it bent and now am reluctant to use to microwave.  Waiting for Whirlpool to answer my questions about this cardboard affecting my food.  They said not to remove it.  Wondering if anyone has any comments about this.
My Whirlpool microwave, 18 months old, caught on fire. I tried calling Whirlpool once and was told I would get a call back from someone in safety. Never happened. I called back, sat on hold for 35 minutes, then had a customer service rep hang up on me. WHIRLPOOL NEEDS TO BE HELD ACCOUNTABLE FOR THIS FAULTY PRODUCT. THIS KIND OF PRODUCT AND CUSTOMER SERVICE IS NOT OK. No one buy this product :Whirlpool WMC20005YW: it is a safety hazard!!!!!!!!!
Two days in and I couldn't be happier with this purchase. Small foot print, excellent build quality and yet holds a full size plate. It's also the quietest microwave I have ever owned. You can barely hear it. The LCD is super bright and the controls are so easy to use. I love how the entire front sure is flat - makes for really easy clean up. I would so buy this again and again.
I loved the small size of this microwave, but the power was lacking. Furthermore, after we had this unit for 1 month, it would not cook anything longer than 2 minutes. The light would remain on and the turntable would continue to spin, but the motor would just shut off and cease cooking. We returned this product.
Absolutely love it! Takes up very little counter space - large inside, great height, would highly recommend. Purchesed for a cleaner counter look and that is exactly what i have. Many compliments from guests; everyone wants to know where they can order one.
I loved this microwave's size and shape but in the last month (42016) I had two sparking incidents, luckily I was in the kitchen and got it unplugged quickly.  I just threw it out. Today I was looking online to see when I bought it (April 2013) and if anyone else had reported similar issues.   I see that there are similar reviews so don't think Ill buy another even tho I like the size and shape.   UPDATED 42016  it was hard to find a small microwave that didnt look cheap, this looks nice and works great, a keeper
I got this microwave yesterday and I've been smiling about it ever since. I just love how it looks in the corner of my kitchen. The only negative to me is that it's kind of expensive for a small microwave, but what was the last thing you bought for your kitchen that just made you happy? Since the only con I can think of is the price, I'll just run through the pros as I see them.1. It's unique. Every other microwave I've ever seen (with the exception of the Sharp Half-Pint) looks pretty much the same: a horizontal rectangle with a door and a keypad control panel to the right. The bottom controls and lack of numeric pad make this thing look entirely different, and in a good way. (Don't worry about the lack of a keypad, the controls are a no-brainer.) When you unbox it and see the rounded back, you know you've bought something different from the norm.2. It's big inside. Bigger than my old GE compact for round things, and I've just never had the urge to throw a 9x13 pan in my microwave. (I have yet to try it with popcorn, manual says limit it to the 1.75 ounce size.)3. It's powerful. 1:30 on high heats up a cup of water better than my old one. Good enough for me.4. The LED display is blue. Very cool, in my opinion.5. The interior light goes on when you open the door. Some small microwaves only light up while you're cooking.6. You can use the timer and cook simultaneously. Pretty standard, but some don't. Also, you can adjust the timer and the cook time on the fly by hitting + or -, no need to stop and reset. And you can toggle between the timer and the clock if you want.7. No door release button. You just grab the recessed edge of the door and pull. And it feels solid when you shut it.8. The reminder tone shuts off. Yes, it reminds you when you forget to pull something out, but it shuts up after three reminders and reverts to the clock. (I swear my old microwave displayed End most of the time.)9. Limited features.The only special features are defrost, reheat, popcorn, and power level (100%, 75%, 50%, 25%, and the power-saving 0%). I've never used anything more.10. I'm running out of ideas, but to make a nice round 10, I'll point out that the door is about two inches thick with a space between an inner and outer window. This gives it a kind of window-box look that I like a lot.Hope this helps convince everybody to pull the trigger and buy this microwave. You won't regret it!NOTE: The display panel comes covered in a clear plastic film that is pretty easy to miss when you're unpacking. I didn't see it and was highly alarmed after a couple of days when the start button started to look and feel cracked! Further investigation revealed the protective film, which easily peeled off to reveal a pristine panel underneath.
Got it detected right from the box... The lights work, control panel etc, but it doesn't produce any heat! 5 minutes and nothing... Really sad about the quality. Amazon send me a broken device.
Everyone who visits my apartment always comments on how cool my microwave looks.  This powerful machine is perfect for the typical Manhattan kitchen.  If you are looking for a stylish, functional and space saving microwave - then buy this one!
I purchased this to replace a much larger microwave taking a lot of counter space.  Since we only use a microwave to reheat food and pop popcorn, this microwave is perfect.  I held off using it for several weeks because the inside wall of the microwave had a rectangle piece of cardboard screwed into the side with a metal and some plastic screws.  I removed the screws and cardboard but there were no instructions to tell me to remove it.  Once removed, there was a rectangle hole on the inside wall that was next to the turntable plate.  My old microwave didn't have an open space.  My concern was that if I heat soup, it could run over the bowl and spill inside this open space.  It still doesn't make sense to me because the cardboard couldn't have been meant to be left in since it can't be wiped down when cleaning the inside of the microwave.  Oh well, this mini micro works great and heats everything we need to the correct temp using the approximate times I used on my old microwave.  Yes, I'd purchase this again but I'll also be purchasing a rubber mat to place under it because it slides around when opening or closing the door.
My old microwave (dating back to the mid-90s) finally bit the dust.  I was worried that I wouldn't find another compact microwave to replace it, but this one fits the bill.  It is small, but big enough for the needs of our 3-person household.  I find height to be more limiting that width in microwaves, and this one offers about the same height as a regular one.  It's not as powerful as some of the full-sized microwaves, but an extra minute of waiting is worth it for the small footprint.  It's attractive although the buttons are not terribly intuitive.  The rounded back works well for our needs, as it nestles into the corner even better than our previous unit.  After a few months of use, I'm quite pleased with this purchase.
I needed a small microwave for my small kitchen and this one fits the bill. (Why aren't there more small appliances out there? Oh right, we live in the U.S., where bigger is supposedly better).Anyway, this microwave has performed fine so far (powerful enough for reheating leftovers in a timely manner). It doesn't heat very evenly, but in my experience, most microwaves don't. If it's soup, no problem, just stir. If it's a frozen burrito, the ends will be bubbling while the middle is still frozen. Annoying.However, the biggest complaint after having this microwave for just one month is that there is a thin layer of plastic over the control buttons and it is already scratched and peeling off in some places! Makes me concerned about the overall quality of this thing.
Used this microwave as a built-in. I had a specific width opening in some shelving and wanted the most cu ft and features in this width. Only been using it for a couple weeks however it has met my expectations. The body of this unit is black so if you are looking for an all stainless for countertop use this would not be the one.
It is a great microwave.  Had to replace the one that came with the house (same model) since my boyfriend burned the inside of it.  It is quick, quiet and I love all the features about it.  Easy to keep clean unless you date my boyfriend...then he will burn it one way or another so keep him out of the kitchen.
The oven comes with my new Standard Pacific Home.It performs OK and it is definitely not stainless steel. It's just plastic panel with stainless coated.On the second week of use, the plastic film on the door control button has small bubble patches. We thought it just protective film but it is not. The bubbles kept surfacing and broke after another week of use. I called customer service and they told me it's just a cosmetic issues. They just document it and they are not going to repair or replace it. No more Whirlpool for me.
Needed a new stainless steel microwave. Works well, nice and big. It is only stainless on the front, black everywhere else. Works well so far...
Had 6 months.  It works fine as a microwave, but the control pad is a little small and you have to be careful where to push to get the button you want. Window is hard to see the food through, and it always fogs up making it even harder. I like the favorites program, but they should build in an automatic delay between stages. This is because if you program 1 min at high, and 1 min at 50%, you actually get about 1:15 straight high. A third stage would also be nice.  I don't like the push button door latch.  It takes a lot of effort, and if it gets dirty, is hard to clean because it pushes in 14 inch without any effort, making wiping it hard. It should have s simple handle.
The first of these we bought didn't work right out of the box. We returned it for another, which managed to work for just over 2 months and now won't heat anything. Very disappointed.
We purchased this microwave about two years ago. The microwave cooks well but often makes microwave safe dishes too hot to remove from the oven without an oven mitt. We have never had that problem with other microwaves. The alarm settings can't be changed and we found it annoying to hear the microwave beep five times every time it was finished. Unfortunately, it has already died a painful death and must be replaced. We wish we had better researched microwaves before purchasing this microwave.
Door doesn't always close right and although it is practically new, it sounds like it is dying.  Would not purchase again!
We had the olver range model in our house but had leave it when we downsized into an apartment. This is the countertop model of the one we had to leave behind. As the wiseman saidI have a happy life when I have a happy wife.
My unit arrived quickly and in good order.  Took just a little time for my wife and I to mount this on the wall; the instructions were adequate for setting up the mounts etc.Been working perfectly, can't think of anything to complain about except there was another reviewer who commented on a design flaw of there being no proper cover to the exhaust vent on top; small items could fall into this area.  I would agree with them, though in my case there's nothing above that would fall into it.
We purchased this model in white last month and just installed it a week ago. Easy to install and looks very nice. The downside with this is there's no operating instructions except for a few basic ones printed on the face of the unit when you open the door, and they are not adequate. I still haven't figured out how to simply thaw a 14 cup of frozen blueberries for my cereal in the morning - very frustrating. It DID do a very even job of reheating a casserole, but the lack of a booklet to reference is very disappointing. Once I am able to figure out how it use it more efficiently, I'm sure I will be happier with it.
Over the range microwaves are a wonderful way to save counter space. This one gives you the option of venting the fan to duct work, or back into the kitchen, and fit under my standard height cabinets very well. Be advised that this requires a 20 amp GFI outlet to be installed inside the cabinet over your stove. This isn't hard to work out, because chances are in a newer house, your existing vent hood has electrical for it's fan and light. Watch a few youtube videos of these being installed and you should be fine.
I purchased and installed the WMH31017AB, the black version of this microwave.  Pros:  a major consumer magazine rates Whirlpool tops in reliability.  At its price this is, as expected, a pretty basic microwave, but fulfills our needs.  It heats well, is (in black) quite attractive, the microwave and fan are quiet, controls are convenient for basic operations.  Cons:  one of the installation templates is printed on the cardboard packaging, the edges of which shred when cut, making the template difficult to use accurately.  The bolts supplied will not work in a deep cabinet and it took trips to four hardware stores to find longer replacements.  The instructions did not include an option to hardwire the electrical connection, so I had to swallow hard and cut the cord without knowing what I'd find once I had (turned out not to be a problem).  I exhausted through the wall, but there's an outlet for internal exhaust, and it opens upwards towards the ceiling.  And I mean OPENS.  There's no grid to keep small objects from falling into the body of the microwave from the cabinet above.  This is atrocious design!  I used some semi-rigid plastic screen and clear silicone sealant to protect this area.  The user instructions which come with the oven are totally inadequate, and Whirlpool's website doesn't seem to have any more.  Just as an example, it says to touch COOK, enter the number code of food item, enter quantiy, then touch the Start control.  But there's no list of food item codes.  I'd still recommend the microwave for those who are willing to deal with these issues.Update:  I contacted Whirlpool:  It turns out the food item codes are behind the door.  I guess I should have noticed, but it would be nice if the user instructions referenced this.  As I wrote above, they are very cursory.
This was the perfect microwave for my kitchen remodel.It is quite roomy. I particularly like the two stage fan and lighting features.
In my kitchen there is a wall directly to the left of the microwave space. The microwave I had before, a GE, worked fine, but the Whirlpool is hinged differently so that there needs to be more clearance to the left. I guess it is expected there are shallow cabinets on each side but in my case there's a wall so since the Whirlpool is hinged so the door requires more clearance, it does not fit. Nowhere in the specifications did I see that it requires more than an inch clearance to the left and cannot be installed with a wall to the left!
I was torn between giving three and four stars.  I bought this based on great reviews.  While it's a basic unit, which is what I wanted, it seems to be lacking in a couple of areas.  First, I didn't realize there were still microwaves that did not have instant-on for one minute when you press 1, two minutes for 2, and so on.  This doesn't do that.  Also, I knew it was big, but didn't realize it was going to be 2 inches taller and deeper than my old unit.  It's almost to the point of looking too big for the space.  Yes, i could have measured since the dimensions are listed.  My old oven had two lights underneath for lighting the range top.  This has one small bulb, and seems a little inadequate.  As others have said, I'm not sure if I'm sold on the upward facing vent.  It makes the front look clean, but seems like a funnel for things to fall into it.  The LED readout is big and blue, and while it's not unattractive, blue lights are blurry to me, so it's harder to read than my old green readout.On the plus side, this is a nice big, powerful microwave, that looks nice in the space.  It's got some nice touches, like a 30-minute fan-off timer.  Since I wanted a basic unit at a good price, which this is, I went ahead and gave it four stars.
I would not recommend buying an appliance such as a microwave through Amazon.  Upon receipt of this item I had no idea that it had concealed damage.  Two days after receipt I elected to install the unit.  I noticed that the bottom corner of the door had a nice dent, but was something that I could live with, rather then deal with the agony of a return.  After installing the unit the door would not stay closed.  After looking the door over, I noticed that the clips where broken that hold it closed.  Totally frustrated at this point.  I have received a return mailing label and MRA number, but this will cost me $50 to ship back.  The unit was not shipped in no box, just corner molding, foam end caps, and shrink wrap 34;No Original Packaging34;.  When it was all said and done, I bought the identical microwave under the Kenmore label from Sears for $100 less.  Multiple emails to Amazon on the return freight with no response.  This was a headache that I really didn't need.  I have purchased numerous items from Amazon in the past with no problems. This is a product category that would be best served by a professional retailer.
Bought this to replace a builder-grade off-brand unit that came with the house. In performance and style, this Whirlpool microwave is absolutely superior. A few notes:- Heats faster and more evenly than I'm used to. Depth is 17 inches, which is one inch larger than my old microwave. Thus, I'm able to use my large square plates in this one.- Install was a bit tricky. I installed in a slot previously occupied by a microwave, so I did not have to cut a vent hole or locate studs. I did have to remove the old mounting plate, which was shorter. This unit came with a cardboard template to locate the bottom line of the mounting plate on the wall. This wall template worked fine - I simply drew the line, then held up the metal plate, and drilled into the studs in the appropriate holes.The top template was a different matter. Whirlpool provides a paper template to affix to the underside of your cabinets to locate the holes to drill for the cabinet mount. If you have a recess under your cabinets, as I do, you will need to trim the template to get it to fit. I did this, and drilled through the template holes. They were about a half inch off. I threw the template away and remeasured, and drilled 9 12 from the back wall (not 10 as specified in the installation instructions). These holes worked.The power cord also has to go through the cabinet above. The instructions say to bore a 1.5-inch hole. I did this with a spade bit (enlarging a ~.75 inch hole from the old microwave). Seems a bit large, could probably have gotten away with a 1 inch hole.I have the microwave wall-vented. Installing the flap with sheet metal screws on the microwave and placing into my pre-existing vent hole was easy. I can't speak to the ease of the ceiling vent mount.- There are presets for popcorn, potator, and pizza. Of these, I've only used the pizza setting to reheat a small slice. Took 1 minute 40 seconds on a lower setting,but heated it a bit too hot. Would probably be fine for a large slice.Other than that, it looks and works great.
I want to clarify that I did not buy this microwave from Amazon (we bought it during a sale at Home Depot)  I hope this review will serve to caution anyone who is interested in Whirlpool products to buy a different brand or at least buy an extended warranty. We owned the microwave for 1 year and 3 months before the magnetron went out (the manufacturers warranty was for 1 yr and opted NOT to buy the extended warranty).  I understand that modern appliances don't last forever and that some parts may break on a high usage item (handles, knobs, etc).  What I have problem with is when the part that makes it a microwave lasts only one year_on an item I paid approximately $275 for.  When I contacted Whirlpool, they offered to sell me an extended warranty and advised me of the charge for the part and labor to replace it.  Home Depot tried calling Whirlpool Customer Service on my behalf, but hit the same brick wall I did.  I am sure most moderately priced appliances have roughly the same 34;shelf life34;, but I did expect a $275 product to last a bit longer than 15 month.  Either I bought a lemon or there is a conspiracy to get people to pay more for an extended warranty...
Our over the range microwave died suddenly in our new home.  I was not the original purchase of this particular appliance, and it was over 10 years old.So I began looking for product replacement.  I found a Whirlpool model online that had some nice ratings, but when I went to my local big box store to purchase, they didn't have the exact Whirlpool model I had read about.  What I found, was this model, which I assume is the newest version.The microwave has a very nice finish.  The door and front feel fairly sturdy.Operation is simple.  I tend to hate overly complex controls.  I want power and simple controls.  This microwave meets my needs in this regard.  This microwave has lots of power.Now the bad.  The install.  This is my second microwave install.  My first being a retrofit of an over the range fan.My first install, and noticing the hardware of my current broken microwave.  The units are mounted by a rear wall bracket that holds the bottom part of the microwave.  And the top of the microwave is held by a couple of suspension bolts fixed to the cabinet.  The USUAL location of these bolts are the two front corners of the microwave.The rear bracket is usually the same sizeshape as the rear of the microwave.  This makes it fairly easy to just place the bracket on the rear wall and push up until the bracket touches the cabinet.  No measurement really necessary.  This Microwave has a small bar hanger.  So you'll need to be very accurate with a measuring tape to figure out where the bottom of the Microwave will sit against the wall.I tend to not trust myself in this regard.  So I taped the bracket to the bottom of the microwave.  Held the microwave up against the wall, and had a helper draw a marking line with a pencil.The second negative.  Usually the suspension bolts are at the front corners of the microwave.  In mounting position, my current defective microwave has boltsin the corners.  I could have taken the other microwave from my other house and I suspect the holes are in the same position.On this microwave, one bolt is about 3 inches in from the edge (which is slightly offset).  The second bolt is about 7 inches in so it is offset quite a bit.  Both holes did not line up with my current microwave mounting holes.  So to mount this microwave I had to drill new holes in my cabinet.So take this into consideration.  I bought my unit as a floor model return.  I suspect it was returned for this very reason.Otherwise I've been happy with this purchase so far.
This microwave came with my new home and overall, I am very pleased with it. It is sturdily-built and has an attractive stainless steel finish and design. It does a great job at heating up and cooking food, and even though it may not have all of the features of a more expensive microwave, the features it does have, work well. I particularly like the turntable and the add 30 seconds button. The only downside I can think of is that it does not have the express 1 minute, 2 minute, etc. buttons. When it comes to a microwave, simplicity in use is key and this one definitely fits the bill.
Works as advertised. Easy to follow installation instructions and cooks great. Of course, the holes from my old 'Ewave' did not line up with this model.
Bought this at Christmas time to replace a GE ConvMicro that cost $1200. This is the slickest microwave you could imagine. Works great and heats faster than the old GE; that cost 5 times more. If you want a SS Microwave, to go over your stove, and dont want to break the bank, I couldnt say enough about this one. It works flawlessly, and performs with the best of them.With that said, I was very disapointed with the limited manual that comes with it, and owned it for a month, before I realized that that 99% of the info, that I was looking for, is on a label INSIDE THE DOOR JAM ?????????????????? There is NO MENTION of that fact in the manual; And all the codes, and info, I was searching for is printed right there on the bottom of the door jam; IF you know where to look for it!! So in closing this is a run to buy it purchase; and you will not be disapointed in the unit in anyway . Read all the codes inside the doorjam on the bottom and life will be good for you !!!!Excellent plus on this unit.
Lousy Value - Stopped working after 2 years of relatively light use (1-2x a day). I was one of the unlucky owners of the previous version of this microwave. It worked fine for 2 years and then just stopped. Whirlpool wasn't too helpful - offered me a warranty that cost more than buying a new one. Then we wonder why we have a landfill issue like we do... Whirlpool should be accountable. I'm taking my money and buying another brand.When it worked, I generally liked it but the fan is loud and comes on by itself. I did like the auto defrost feature but I'm sure others have that.
I found it cheaper at Lowe's by $150.00. Too late now, it's too cumbersome to return.It pays to shop around.
None available.
Never worked well, intermittently stops working - then starts again.  I would have returned this in the first WEEK, but once this monster is hung on the wall, and it's made its first bag of popcorn, who keeps the shipping box??  It finally died after the fan would not turn off, now it's completely inert.  The only bright side is it will fit in my community's GARBAGE CANS.  This unit has been a frustration since installation.
After only two years of owning this microwave it started arcing when started. I looked into replacing the HV Diode and the HV Capacitor but those parts were damaged because the magnetron went bad. It was cheaper to replace the whole microwave than order parts and fix myself. Truly disappointed in Whirlpool and their products. The matching Whirlpool gold french door fridge we bought at the same time just had almost $1,000 worth of repairs. After only two years!!! These are cheaply made disposable pieces of garbage.
This is a good looking microwave and the value is unbeatable. My only disappointment is that it sticks out from the cabinet way more than the flush unit it replaced.
First off, I don't know why Amazon is so expensive on this unit. I just bought one today at a big box store at their regular price of $250. I bought the prior model to this one a little less than 4 yrs ago when I bought my new construction house and upgraded to stainless appliances. One day it worked fine, the next it would act like it was working, but the food wouldn't heat up. Microwaves are supposed to last approximately 9 yrs. I am not happy about having to spend another $250 after just barely 4 yrs. Shame on Whirlpool for making disposable appliances nowadays. I will say it is a nice looking microwave, but I agree with other reviews that the fan is useless. No suction at all if you place your hand under the filter. I also don't understand why most microwaves are rated at 1000 watts and every frozen dinner on the planet says it is tested with an 1100 watt unit. ???    On another note regarding Whirlpool in general I have the following to say. I bought all Whirlpool appliances when I bought my house and I will never spend another dime on Whirlpool again. The only reason I bought the Whirlpool microwave replacement is because my house is for sale and I don't want mismatched appliances. When the washer and dryer were delivered and installed the dryer had a noticeable knocking sound that the delivery guys blamed on flat drum rollers. The front load washer has a ridiculous time trying to balance a load during the spin cycle. The refrigerator has more sharp edges that I have cut myself on in the door compartments than you can shake a stick at. It also doesn't cool down a 12 pk of beer in any less than 12 hrs. I tried to cook a ham in the oven and followed the directions based on weight and temperature....cold ham! The dishwasher is ok but I hate the silverware basket. Not big enough for utensils with large handles. Whirlpool needs to wake up and build quality products that are functional and last. Never again. I will buy Bosch, LG, Samsung or spend the extra money onMiele next time.

